--- CHAPTER 791 ---

Chapter 791: Red Ocean (3)

Treasure brings misfortune.

This saying rings especially true within the Labyrinth.

Even for me, back in my novice days, there were times when someone turned into a Raider over a single pocket dimension bag.

Such incidents were so common that I once seriously considered peeling off the workshop's seal from my pocket dimension bag or smearing charcoal on my lithium alloy breastplate to dull its shine.

But...

I thought those days were over.

I gained fame, formed a team, that team grew into a clan, I became a noble, then a Tribe Chief...

The more I had, the less I felt the need to hide it.

No, in fact, I revealed everything I could.

I decided that it was more beneficial to do so now.

But what is this now?

"......"

As soon as the man threw out his subtle question, the weight of the air changed.

Neither he nor I said a word.

My companions drew their weapons one by one, preparing for battle at any moment, and his side did the same.

"......"

"......"

In the sharp silence, we aimed our gazes at each other.

The man was contemplating.

After all, there was so much to gain if they took me down.

The Numbers Items I was known to possess were numerous, and among them was even a single-digit Numbers Item.

Besides those, he must be thinking that I have far more unknown items.

Because humans are creatures of imagination.

And they imagine in ways that benefit them.

"... How are you getting along with your new team members?"

This little bit of greed probably stemmed from considering our team's composition.

Because Erwen and Ainar, who were members of the Seven Peaks, were not here.

Belleg, in a way, was a washed-up has-been who had retired once, and as for Misha, not much was known about her combat power.

'Raven and Kaislan are quite famous, but...'

He probably thought this was a fight worth trying.

After all, they had well over forty people, while we had only six.

"I have no reason to report our clan's internal affairs to you. So what is it you want to say?"

"Haha, why are you so aggressive? I just wanted to tell you to be careful."

"......?"

"Well, tales like fighting twenty members of Orculis alone, or defeating an Evil Eye in a single blow... Perhaps some ignorant fools might believe them, but anyone who would believe such absurd stories of heroism wouldn't have been able to enter the Labyrinth in the first place."

Ah... so that was it.

Only then did it make sense.

I was wondering why he was getting greedy looking at me, but it seems he thought my strength was nothing but exaggerated rumors.

"We're gentlemen, so we'll just pass by like this, butГўВҖВ”"

What is he talking about? He's just a coward who can't even try because the risk is too great.

"Meiruta Clan."

I cut him off and continued quickly.

"A total of 121 members, but 48 entered for this expedition. It seems you've made an agreement with the Dvorede Clan, which is of a similar size. Seeing as you're still separate, it looks like you plan to join up on the sixth floor."

"How do you...?"

"When you're in my position, there are things you naturally come to know. For example, that your clan has been suspected of raiding several times, even though you were found not guilty at trial."

"......"

"Are you coveting what I have?"

The man did not answer my question.

It was quite a ridiculous sight.

When I was quiet, he saw me as a pushover, but now that I was coming on strong, he was flustered and did not know what to do.

"... Haha, what are you talking about? I was just giving you advice to be carefulГўВҖВ”"

"Prepare for battle."

I cut him off and spoke to my team members.

"From this moment, I will consider the captain of the Meiruta Clan a Raider and a murderer of nobles, and I will execute him on the spot."

"..... W-what are you talking about!"

"If you try to help your captain, you will be treated as accomplices and dealt with in the same manner."

"W-wait!!"

As I finished my brief notice and took a step forward, the man stepped back an equal distance, cutting me off.

"A-are you going to attack me now?"

"I am merely punishing a criminal."

"W-what did I do? Think carefully! Even someone like you can't act like thisГўВҖВ”"

"Act like this and what?"

"......"

"Do you really think I can't handle the consequences?"

The man couldn't give any answer to my question, just opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.

He must know it himself.

That even if I killed them all while they were innocent, I could make it all go away.

"Iria Adnus."

"... Hmph, so it has come to this."

I had only called her name, but the Guild Master immediately understood my intentions and took off the helmet she was wearing.

"G-Guild Master...?"

"Why in the world is the Guild Master with the Anabada Clan...?"

Everyone was shocked, but the question they should be asking right now was not why the Guild Master was here.

"You are all participating in an act of raiding right now."

"W-we have never..."

"To my eyes, it looked like a clear act of raiding. So you're saying it wasn't? Then will you participate in your captain's criminal act?"

The Meiruta Clan members answered the Guild Master's question with their actions.

They surreptitiously took a step back without even realizing it...

'Okay, this is the end of it.'

When you start something, it is important not to give the opponent time to think.

As soon as the members backed away, I rushed forward.

And...

"... Ut!"

After grabbing the Meiruta Clan's captain by the head with one hand.

KwwwaaaaangГўВҖВ”!

I slammed him into the ground.

Needless to say, the members took no action even in that situation.

No, to be precise, they could not.

It might have been different if the captain had shown strong charisma and given an order.

But among the regular members, there was no one who could make such a weighty decision in this situation.

"......"

"......."

And so, a heavy silence once again fell within the Labyrinth.

But it felt completely different from the previous silence.

Before, it was a tense silence, one on the verge of an explosion where no one knew when a clash would occur...

"......"

Now, it is the silence that comes after the victor and the vanquished have been decided.

The vanquished have no options and can only wait for the victor to show mercy.

"What will you do?"

The Guild Master clicked her tongue and approached me.

"There will be no problem executing him here. He was a man with a bad reputation, so if we shake him down back in the city, something will surely turn up. Besides, they were the ones who broke the unwritten rule and approached us first."

"S-save me... P-please. I was wrong."

"So, what will you do?"

The Guild Master asked as if she could not hear the man's begging for his life, and I, too, ignored it as if I heard nothing and finished my deliberation.

"Execution."

"What...? No, how can this be! I-I really didn't do anything!"

Well, it is true that what he said was not wrong.

The problem, however, is that he entertained the thought, even for a moment.

'What if Team 2 had met guys like these?'

What if they were ambushed while ascending the floors, and someone ended up dying?

I have no intention of letting such a situation happen and then consoling myself by saying there was nothing I could do.

Yes, that is why...

I have to let them know.

What kind of person Bjorn Yandel is.

What kind of end awaits those who mess with us.

KwajikГўВҖВ”!

There was no need for any more words.

I soon brought my hammer down, and with that, the situation was over.

After I made my decision, the Guild Master approached me.

"Well done. These types are like cockroaches. Especially in that if you just leave them be, they'll multiply without end."

I did not need to pay mind to the Guild Master's consolation; I quickly scanned the expressions of my companions around me.

Raven, who had been in the military for quite a long time, surprisingly showed no change in expression, and the same went for Belleg.

Kaislan, too, was watching as if it were rather satisfying.

However...

"......"

Only Misha, who had spent the most time with me, gave me a slightly worried look, but she did not say anything on the spot.

"Um... w-what will happen to us?"

"Are you the vice-captain?"

"Y-yes. Baron... no, Viscount..."

The vice-captain could not even meet my eyes and trembled.

Well, having lost their captain in such an unexpected place, I must look like some kind of demon to him.

In fact, to them, it might have seemed like I simply got angry and killed him in an instant.

"I have a few questions."

"W-we really had no such intention! Even when we sensed your presence, I-I suggested we turn back, but the captain, on his ownГўВҖВ”"

"I'm not asking about that."

"Yes? In that case..."

"I understand you set the rendezvous point on the fifth floor, but how did you get here so quickly?"

In fact, it was a question I had as soon as I saw these guys.

We were also proceeding with our expedition at a very fast pace, so how could these guys have gotten ahead of us?

And with a group of 48 people, no less.

"Th-that's because the captain included six members who possess the [Banner of Swiftness] in the expedition! Ah, the [Banner of Swiftness] is..."

"No need for an explanation. I know about it."

The [Banner of Swiftness] is an aura-type skill that greatly increases movement speed in proportion to the number of people being buffed.

However, its MP consumption is quite high, but they could have managed that by having several people take turns using it...

'But is this expedition strategy really beneficial?'

As I was pondering for a moment, the Guild Master chimed in, speaking mockingly.

"Using an expedition strategy that's not really used these days."

"Yes...?"

"Isn't that a strategy that only reaches maximum efficiency after everyone gathers on the fifth floor? Well, you can pass through the fifth floor quickly, but... from the sixth floor, you take a ship, so it's meaningless, and from the seventh floor, it's a section where stability becomes more important than speed, so it was popular for a short while in the old days before being discarded."

". Ah, i-is that so...? I had no idea. I heard the captain paid a lot of money to learn this expedition strategy..."

"Then he wasted his money."

Anyway, the mystery was solved.

To be honest, I was also a bit surprised to suddenly encounter such a large group on the fifth floor.

"Then we..."

"Let's move together. You're heading to the sixth floor anyway, right?"

"Yes...?"

"Any complaints?"

"None..."

Since it has come to this, I should just get to the sixth floor quickly and rest.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThere are 53 characters within range.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of [Banner of Swiftness] is increased by 315%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll movement-related stats are greatly increased, and stamina consumption during movement is greatly reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have entered the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

Traveling with the Meiruta Clan while receiving buffs, we reached the sixth floor before the end of the 16th day, despite having wasted time on various things.

The Island of Beginnings, Rymia.

On the coast, quite a few clans could be seen preparing to set sail or waiting for companions who had not arrived yet.

"It seems not many ships have set sail yet."

"That's a relief. It seems Team 2 hasn't arrived yet, so let's hurry to the mountain."

"Um..."

"You guys follow, too."

Having arrived on the sixth floor, we took the Meiruta Clan with us and climbed the mountain located in the center of the island.

And...

"I could roughly see it from below, but... I don't think I've ever seen so many trees growing here before."

"Everyone, grab your axes."

We began the logging operation in earnest.

After all, the trees that grow here are very expensive.

Normally, everyone cuts them down, so there are only stumps left, but since the Labyrinth had opened after a long time, the trees were dense...

'Anyway, it seems everyone had the same idea.'

There were already quite a few explorers logging in the area.

No wonder I only saw explorers guarding ships or barracks on the coast.

'Still, there's no other group with as many people as us.'

Indeed, the reason we split into two teams to ascend was because of these trees on the sixth floor.

We had agreed that whichever team arrived first would start cutting them down.

They are probably just farming until all their members gather.

SwishГўВҖВ”! SwishГўВҖВ”! CruuuuumbleГўВҖВ”!

And so, we continued to log in earnest, as if competing with the other explorers.

It was enough to make one confused about whether we came into the Labyrinth to explore or to grind...

'Once the Labyrinth fully opens, the price of wood will probably skyrocket.'

It was clearly more profitable than most hunting, so I, my team members, and the 47 volunteers we picked up on the fifth floor all diligently cut down trees.

However, the problem was...

One day, two days, three days, four days...

The number of explorers who came to log increased.

Thanks to them, the speed at which the mountain turned bald accelerated.

Eventually, there were no more trees to cut, and all the explorers left.

"...... Damn it."

...

Team 2 still had not arrived.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 792 ---

Chapter 792: Red Ocean (4)

People, when given any material, start by imagining.

There might be differences in the scale or method of imagination, but no one doesn't imagine.

In that sense, my current imagination is also valid.

'Five days over the expected arrival date...'

The mobility of Team 1 and Team 2 are not different enough to cause such a time lag.

In other words, something must have happened to Team 2 during their expedition.

The only thing is that I don't know what that something is...

'Could it be...'

My subconscious, accustomed to all sorts of misfortune, naturally brings up the most ominous possibility first.

I wonder if they ran into Raiders.

Weren't there explorers who, like the Meiruta Clan we met on the Fifth Floor, would harbor desires seeing Team 2 operating alone?

"..."

What torments me more is that these imaginings are not baseless delusions.

Isn't that so?

The Meiruta Clan was timid, so they just tried to pass us by.

But would everyone be like them?

What if Team 2 was unlucky and ran into more decisive and bold bastards who weren't afraid of my reputation?

Grind...

This is exactly why I was so harsh with the Captain of the Meiruta Clan.

Because in any situation, I want to eliminate any variable that could threaten me, and us.

So I executed him as an example.

In fact, that was also why I told the Vice-Captain of the Meiruta Clan to spread the word about what happened as much as possible as soon as he left the Labyrinth.

"B-Bjorn...?"

No, that's not it.

My vision has narrowed.

Maybe it wasn't just Raiders they met.

The enemies threatening me include Lee Baekho and Auril Gavis.

Or maybe Noark noticed the Labyrinth opening and secretly sent in their explorers-.

"Bjorn!!"

Someone smashed me on the back, and at the same time, I came to my senses.

"... Misha?"

"Are you finally listening to me now!!"

Ah, she'd been talking to me all along.

"What is it?"

Wanting to continue my thoughts, I quickly asked her business, but Misha only gave an unexpected answer.

"Please! Stop thinking such strange things! They'll be fine!"

"... How can you be so sure?"

"Because I trust them."

"......?"

"Emily, Erwen, Ainar, and the rest... To be honest, I'm a little worried about Mr. Lokrov, but anyway! They're all people who can take care of themselves!"

"No, it's not that I don't trust them-."

"Bjorn, more importantly, I think you're seriously mistaken about something."

"......?"

"We are not your children. We are your companions."

"...... I'll go cool my head."

"Okay, okay. Go on."

Taking Misha's concerned advice, I backed down and left the front of the portal to cool my head for a bit.

However, that didn't make my anxiety go away.

It was only natural.

The reason I meekly followed Misha's advice in the first place was because I needed a quiet place to think, and because I judged it wouldn't be good for me, the Captain, to show such a side in front of the other members-.

"Bjorn!"

I don't know how much time passed since I left Team 1, but Misha called out to me from afar.

"Just how far did you go to cool your head! I was looking for you for a while."

"Go back and tell the team members to prepare to leave."

"... Huh? Prepare to leave?"

Misha tilted her head, not understanding.

I voiced the decision I had made swiftly, yet after careful consideration.

"As soon as the preparations are complete, we will descend to the Fifth Floor. It's better than waiting indefinitely-."

"What are you talking about! There's no need for that!!"

"I'll decide whether it's necessary or not. I don't know what exact situation Team 2 is in right now, but if they're being chased by someone, or hiding somewhere to avoid being seen, then we need to go help right now-"

"No, Team 2 came up a little while ago, you idiot!!"

"... What?"

For a moment, my mind went blank.

Seeing me like that, Misha quickly explained the parts I would have been most curious about.

"First, they're all safe! They said they were late because they entered a Fourth Floor Rift and came back!!"

"......"

"Geez, that's why I told you! That nothing would happen!"

For a moment, I felt relieved that everyone was safe, but then I felt an indescribable emotion and ran toward the portal... toward where Team 2 would be.

"... Huh? Hey, I'm talking to you, where are you suddenly going!"

As the portal grew closer, I could see the members of Team 2 gathered in front of it.

Amelia seemed to be calmly explaining the situation to the other members, while Ainar next to her was swaggering and boasting about what she had obtained.

Only then did I realize what that indescribable emotion was.

It was a slight annoyance.

However, I myself couldn't understand the reason for this feeling.

"... Ah, Yandel? You're here. I heard you were very worried because we were late."

As soon as I ran up, panting, and stood before them, Amelia spoke in a slightly teasing voice.

Erwen was the same.

"Hehe, it's the Old Man! Were you very worried?"

Even hearing those welcoming words, I didn't open my mouth.

I felt that if I uttered even a single word, this emotion would leak out.

No, has it already come out?

"Emily... why were you so late?"

"Ah, did you not hear from Karlstein? A Fourth-Floor Rift opened right in front of us, and after discussing it with the team, we entered."

"......"

"But wasn't this already discussed? That from the Fourth Floor and up, we would enter Rifts if we could."

That's right.

That is true.

That's why even though Team 2 was a few days late, the other team members comforted me by saying such things.

In fact, they did what I, the Captain, should have been doing.

However, the problem is...

"Still. Isn't it too late?"

It's probably me.

"... What?"

"At your level, it shouldn't have taken five days to clear a Fourth-Floor Rift...?"

"It's true that it took a bit more time to proceed safely. But are you blaming us for that now?"

Amelia, sharply noticing the subtle emotion mixed in my question, furrowed her brow, and only then did my mind clear.

The problem was clearly with me.

No, to be precise...

"Yandel... what on earth is making you so impatient?"

Something went wrong with my head.

***

Day 21 in the Labyrinth.

After arriving on the Sixth Floor, there was a small incident, but we wrapped it up well and finally set our ship to sea and departed.

Ah, for reference, we parted ways with the Meiruta Clan here.

"We've finally set sail..."

"It seems the Royal Family is also getting ready to leave, huh?"

Looking at the coast, the expeditionary force organized by the Royal Family was just now setting their warships to sea one by one, and seeing this made my stomach churn for no reason.

'Looks like they'll finish departing by tomorrow too.'

In terms of time alone, it feels like there's something to be desired.

Despite moving so quickly, to think we only managed to set sail just one day earlier than the slow-moving expeditionary force.

In fact, around the island, aside from a few ships launched by small clans, there were only the Royal Family's warships.

"We're a bit later than planned, but don't worry about it too much. We did a lot of logging, and we cleared a Rift."

As if my feelings were plain to see, Amelia came up beside me and spoke comfortingly.

But maybe it's because of what happened earlier?

There's still a slightly awkward atmosphere between us.

Both I and Amelia are still holding back from talking about the incident from a little while ago.

"Yes, that's right! In a way, we earned more than we would have by hunting for five days, right? Don't worry about it too much, Old Man!"

Hah.

But for even Erwen to be this worried.

What on earth am I doing?

While I suddenly feel pathetic, I also think that I need to get a grip from now on.

And to do that, I'll have to solve the problem in my head first.

Swoooosh-

I went out onto the deck, felt the cool sea breeze, watched the parting waves, and reflected on myself.

The me from a little while ago was not like me at all.

No, thinking about it, it's been like this since the Meiruta Clan incident.

It's as if one of the gears that make up my mind has broken.

Emotion precedes reason, and I become more sensitive and aggressive than necessary.

It's fine usually, but the moment a button is pushed, I change like that.

'Am I too stressed...'

Looked at simply, that could be it, but it wasn't a problem to be taken lightly.

Because if a commander loses their reason and acts emotionally, the entire group suffers the consequences.

In fact, someone could even get hurt because of this problem.

But how do I fix something like this?

There's no psychiatrist here, so do I have to perform physical therapy on myself?

Just as I was thinking that.

"Yandel."

"Ah, Emily..."

"It's alright. It's only natural."

It seemed Amelia had a rough idea of why I was having a problem with my head.

Well, she is a sharp woman.

"......"

"......"

Silence continued after that, but it wasn't awkward like before.

I wonder how much time passed like that.

'Ah, by the way, I still haven't asked about this.'

Well, after that conversation earlier, it became awkward, so I didn't even bring up the topic.

Suddenly remembering, I asked Amelia.

"By the way, what was the Rift you entered on the Fourth Floor?"

"... It was the DoppelgГғВӨnger Forest."

"...... Is that so? A pity it wasn't the Golden Ruins."

"I heard you told Raven it would definitely be the DoppelgГғВӨnger Forest?"

That was because I didn't think our team would be the one going in.

"......"

Hah, is this why people should have a kind heart?

***

Day 29 in the Labyrinth.

It was the ninth day since we began our voyage from the Island of Beginnings - Rymia.

Our ship, which had been crossing the sea without stopping at a single island, anchored at an island.

It was the first destination on our expedition route.

Of course, since our schedule was delayed by five days, I considered just skipping it, but...

'It seems a bit of a waste to do that.

It's also on the way.'

Well, we can just take care of it as quickly as possible and leave.

"Ugh... I'd heard about it, but it's much more gloomy than I thought. To think the entire island is made of bone..."

"Oooooh!! It's that island! Skull Island!"

"The official name is Catacomb, Miss Fenelin."

Skull Island, Catacomb.

In reality, this is my first time coming to this island, but the island and I have a strange connection.

When I first went to the Ghost Busters, Skull Island was among the information I sold to earn GP, and I also spread information related to Skull Island at the Round Table...

"Um... Captain?"

Just as I was about to get off the ship, Sven Parab approached me.

"Do you happen to know? They say if you defeat the boss monster of Skull Island and reach the Tenth Floor, you can have some kind of special experience..."

Heh, as expected of a member of the Round Table.

That's the information I spread.

I pretended not to know and opened my mouth.

"A special experience?"

"Yes. I don't know the details either, but according to a reliable source, there is such a thing. Of course, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor this time, but I thought you should know..."

"Is that so? I'll keep it in mind. Though as you said, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor."

After finishing the conversation and entering the island, Belleg, who had gotten off the ship first, approached me and relayed information.

"There are guests here before us."

"Guests..."

I had expected this to some extent.

Right now, every floor of the Labyrinth is like a gold mine.

It's not just this island; things like this are probably happening all over the Great Sea.

Where there's treasure, there are always competitors.

"How many are there?"

"I'm not sure about that... but it's certain that at least one clan was here on this island first. Look over there. They even left their clan's flag at the entrance for all to see."

"I can guess what they're like."

"It seems to be an implicit warning not to enter since they came first... What will you do?"

What do you mean, what will I do? We took the precious time to even dock the ship, so we have to at least look around before we go.

Still, before just barging in, I checked first.

"Adnus, is that emblem the one for the Golden Tree Clan?"

"It is. The one whose Captain is 'Golden Ghost', one of the Seven Peaks."

I wondered if it was them after seeing the emblem, and it really is.

The Golden Tree Clan was a clan I had heard of and knew well.

For one, the clan's Captain is a member of the Seven Peaks, to which Erwen and Ainar belong...

"Huh? Golden Tree? If it's that clan, then surely...!"

Seeing Misha's glance as if asking for confirmation, I nodded.

"That's right."

It's the clan the Bear Uncle belongs to.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 793 ---

Chapter 793. Red Ocean (5)

The Ten Great Clans, the Five Great Clans, the Four Great Clans...

In the past, the famous large clans of the time were grouped and called by such names, but now, that culture has quietly faded away.

It happened naturally as numerous clans disappeared and merged during the several years of chaotic times...

In any case, even amidst such a period of upheaval, there was a clan that showed tremendous growth and began to make a new name for itself.

The Golden Tree Clan.

Until a few years ago, it was a clan where only the Captain was famous, but it was said to have shown great skill during the war, absorbing and merging several clans to grow significantly.

Raven's assessment of that clan was as follows.

"The Golden Tree Clan? Hmm, I heard they were quite active during the war, but to me, it feels like they only chose the easy battlefields. Still, their forces seem pretty well-equipped... If I had to say, they're probably worthy of the lowest seat among the old Ten Great Clans."

"Adnus, what do you think?"

"There's a lot of talk about them in many ways, but it's undeniable that they possess considerable power. Ah, I heard they are quite close with political and financial figures. They supposedly have some connection with Count Alminus, and... they seem to be soul partners with our guild's third Regional Chief."

"Is that so..."

According to the information the Guild Master gave me, the Golden Tree Clan had a total of 90 members enter the Labyrinth this time, which was the fourth-largest number among all the clans.

That meant the Royal Family and the Guild had backed them.

Otherwise, there was no way they would have been assigned so many people.

"But what does it mean that there's a lot of talk about them in many ways?"

"From time to time, we hear of internal discord. They say the members are worked to the bone... but there haven't been any insiders who have actually testified or exposed this. It means they keep a very tight lid on things."

"Worked to the bone, huh..."

Could this be related to why Bear Uncle looked so grim when he spoke of his clan back then?

"Still, it's not like there are no good reviews. No, rather, there are far more good ones. They say the pay is solid, and instead of selling Essences, they give them to their members, caring a lot about their growth."

Hmm, indeed...

What the Guild Master said seems to be true.

Last time I saw him, Bear Uncle had also acquired many new Essences, and as a result, he had apparently been promoted to the Third Rank.

"Abman. He's okay, right...?"

Even after hearing the same story, Misha showed a worried expression, while Ainar was simply thrilled at the fact that she could meet Bear Uncle on this island.

"Let's go in quickly! To meet Urakburak here, this must be a sign of Luck!"

Well, it doesn't quite feel like a sign of Luck to me...

"So what are you going to do, Yandel?"

"What do you mean, what am I going to do? Of course, we have to go in."

"I see. Understood."

When I stated my intentions clearly, Amelia made a slightly peculiar expression.

Should I say it felt like she had something to say but was holding it back?

"Spit it out. What is it?"

"... If you happen to meet 'Golden Ghost', it would be best not to underestimate him."

At Amelia's words, my head tilted unknowingly.

To think she would give such advice, knowing my personality of tapping even a stone bridge before crossing.

"Do you know something about him?"

I asked Amelia for more, but she said she had never met him herself.

I could only hear about the rumors and his past actions, and with that, my questions about this 'Golden Ghost' fellow grew larger.

'Just what kind of guy is he to warrant this?'

Well, I'll find out when I meet him.

***

The Great Navigator Peekma.

Posterity's evaluation of him is quite divided.

He was merely the navigator who explored all the islands for the first time and created the great sea chart, not the great figure who, as his fame suggests, uncovered all the secrets of every island.

Well, that's not wrong.

Peekma, in his lifetime, did not conquer all the Hidden Pieces of every island.

But...

'How can you figure out every single island?'

I don't think that's a reason to diminish his fame.

Isn't that right?

A world where the Labyrinth opens once a month, and even that Labyrinth closes after time passes.

A life granted only once.

A lifespan that is not eternal.

As long as these conditions exist, uncovering the secrets of every island is physically impossible.

Unless one could run dozens of games at once through the medium of a computer.

'Still, it seemed like he knew the secret of Skull Island.'

Skull Island Catacomb.

One of the islands located in the 'Grand Rock' region, which is the general term for the easternmost seas.

The Great Navigator Peekma evaluated this island as such:

'Either easy, or harder than any other island.'

It couldn't be a more accurate assessment.

The superficial difficulty of Skull Island is very low, but if you dig deep, the story changes 180 degrees.

In the first place, it was because of this phrase he left behind that the Hidden Piece of Skull Island became widely known.

Well, it seems like not everyone knows about 'that,' though.

In fact, the woman from Ghost Busters who bought information on Skull Island from me before only knew about the 'main boss'ГўВҖВ”

"What's with these weaklings!"

Ainar suddenly shouted as if throwing a tantrum.

Listening to her, it seemed the monsters appearing on Skull Island were not to her liking...

'I can see why.'

The average rank of the monsters that appeared on Skull Island was only Rank 6.

"Ugh...! When is that strong one going to show up...!"

"What's wrong, Ainar? Isn't it good if it's easy?"

"Misha! I want an enemy strong enough to write about in my autobiography!"

"Ah. R-right... you did...? I don't really know, so you should ask Bjorn."

"... I don't want to."

"Why?"

"If I ask Bjorn something like that, Emily Raines will scold me."

"Ah...?"

I felt sorry for Ainar, who had quickly become sullen and started watching my expression, but Amelia had really trained her well.

If she becomes a mother, she'll probably raise her child very wellГўВҖВ”

"Yandel."

"... I wasn't thinking anything weird."

"What are you talking about?"

"Ahem. So why did you call me?"

"I think we've entered the Golden Tree Clan's territory."

"Are they nearby?"

"There's no one caught in my perception, but there are traces of them frequently moving back and forth around here."

Right, so that's how it is...

Well, we have reached the central part of the island to some extent.

"Well, we'll be on the same island for a few days, so I suppose we should greet them first."

After that, we continued toward the center without changing our direction.

And when we finally arrived at the entrance of the central cave.

"... No one's here."

What greeted us was an empty clearing with only traces of people having stayed.

But my doubt was brief.

"Well, well, it seems I'm seeing a very important person."

From behind, a smooth voice was heard, and along with it, the presence of dozens of people was detected simultaneously.

At the same time, the human radar, Amelia, spoke.

"... Yandel, we're surrounded."

I know, even if you don't tell me.

***

We were surrounded by a group of 90 explorers.

And for a moment, my body froze at that fact.

"I apologize if we surprised you, Viscount Yandel."

Along with the voice I heard first, a blond man who appeared to be in his mid-thirties revealed himself, and Amelia, who was next to me, whispered softly.

"For your information, his hair is dyed. I heard he's originally a brunette."

Geez, I thought she was going to say something important.

For dyed hair, it looks very natural, but anyway, that's not important.

"I am Bill Ironred, Captain of the Golden Tree Clan. Please, call me Bill."

The guy introduced himself first with a beaming smile.

Was he able to get close to political and financial figures with that smiling face?

I don't know, but I can tell he's not an easy opponent.

"Nice to meet you, Ironred. I didn't expect such a grand welcome."

"Haha, if you were surprised, I offer my apologies once again. It seems we also did not expect the Viscount to be here."

He's lying through his teeth.

"I see."

I nodded while glancing over the 90-strong force that had emerged from the bushes.

Their presence meant only one thing.

These guys noticed our presence before we did.

This meant their detection abilities were superior to ours.

'And they even managed to successfully ambush us with that many people.'

Did he really not know it was us?

No, he must have known.

Yet, the reason he called all his members and even used a Stealth-type Skill to ambush us around the clearing was for one reason only.

'He's trying to overwhelm us.'

Explorers in the city are people who spend money lavishly and laugh heartily while drunk, but the moment they enter the Labyrinth, they become beasts.

They become a part of nature, harboring poison within them to survive, puffing up their bodies as much as possible, and adorning themselves with intimidating feathers.

Because if you look weak, you get bitten.

"By the way, this is quite a predicament... Is Viscount Yandel also aiming for 'that guy'?"

I don't know exactly which 'guy' this fellow is talking about, but for now, I affirmed and asked back.

"What if I am?"

I spoke with a slightly aggressive nuance, but the guy just smiled without any sign of discomfort.

"Haha, if that's the case, then it can't be helped."

"Are you saying you'll give up?"

"The situation is uncomfortable, but I cannot do that. I, too, have people I must take responsibility for."

"You're saying we should compete on our own, then."

"The treasures of the Labyrinth have no owner, do they? The first one to pick it up is the rightful owner."

Something feels off, but I agree with his words.

Competition isn't wrong.

The problem is only with those who can't accept defeat or become blinded by greed and attack.

'From the way he's acting, it doesn't seem like he'd do that...'

For that, he's being very compliant.

Is it because of my status and fame?

Probably.

If we were a clan with less of a reputation, we would have received completely different treatment right now.

"For the sake of fair competition, how about we make just two promises?"

"Speak."

"That we will not interfere with each other, and that the person who opens the door of that cave first will earn the right to challenge first... How does that sound?"

"Good."

"Then since our thoughts align, this should be enough for our conversation. Let's work hard together."

"'Let's work hard together' is informal."

"... Hahaha. The Viscount is quite an amusing person."

Hmm, I wasn't joking, I was serious.

"Then we shall take our leave first. Seeing as our competitor is who they are."

After that, the guy politely left the scene, and Raven, watching this, snorted irritably.

"Hmph, he's just as annoying as I heard."

"What is it that you dislike so much?"

"He didn't even mention cooperating or sharing. It's clear he's confident they will win."

Well, that's true.

"But is that a bad thing?"

"... What? Uh, it's not, but... If a member says something like this, shouldn't you empathize? As the Captain."

What is she talking about.

What a Captain should do at a time like this isn't emotional empathy.

"Don't worry. We'll be the ones to enter the cave first."

It's victory.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 794 ---

Chapter 794. Skull Island (1)

I'm wandering aimlessly around the center of the island.

Kwajik-! Kwajik-! Kwajiiik-!

Of course, I'm smashing the monsters that appear as I walk in real time.

There's one reason I said I'm just wandering.

It's because we're not actually engaged in a proper battle.

"... It's boring."

"Yes. It's so boring I'm starting to think doing paperwork would be more fun."

The average rank of the monsters appearing on Skull Island is six.

Even that rank is inflated because of a few high-level creatures with low appearance rates; the ones that usually show up are around Rank 7 or 8.

And there aren't even any new types of creatures.

So far, the only creature on this island that gives any experience points is the Skull Ghost (Rank 6), and we've only seen one.

"... I hope that creature the Captain mentioned shows up soon."

Seeing even Arua, a non-combatant, say that, this situation must truly be boring.

'Hah, at first, her eyes were blazing with competitiveness.'

Well, it's not that I don't understand.

Two days have already passed since that encounter.

"... It seems the other side hasn't found it yet either, right?"

"Probably. If the cave had opened, we would have been able to tell from here."

"But what if they have a way to hide it?"

At Raven's question, I wanted to scoff and say it was nonsense, but on second thought, it wasn't an entirely impossible story.

"That's true, those people had 'that', didn't they? And several of them, too."

"Ah, you mean 'that'..."

'That' which Raven was talking about was a Numbers Item.

Of course, it wasn't certain that they possessed it; for now, it was just a 'highly probable guess'.

"Yes. Didn't you agree too, Mr. Yandel? You said it wouldn't make sense for them to have been hidden like that if it wasn't for that item."

Well... that's true.

Detection is just a supplementary ability.

If it were just Erwen or Amelia, whose specialty is combat, I would have let it slide.

But Belleg, who just joined us, is an Explorer with the nickname 'Pursuer'.

In simple terms, it means he's an expert in detection.

And yet, they discovered us first and even succeeded in hiding the presence of so many people without anyone noticing.

So, how was that possible?

I had a long conversation with Belleg, the one directly involved, and came to one conclusion.

It was all because of their gear.

Coincidentally, there was an item that strongly fit the suspicion.

No. 16 Ebony Emblem.

An item that, when equipped, provides a very strong boost to the wearer's Stealth-type Skills.

With increased stats during stealth and a bunch of extra options for surprise attacks, it's practically a graduation item for an Assassin, but...

Anyway, there are only two important options here.

If you wear this and stay still, you enter a state of Absolute Stealth.

And...

When you activate its Active Ability, 29 temporarily sustained tokens are created, and equipping those tokens grants that option.

'If they used this, it would make sense that so many people could hide their presence.'

Furthermore, looking at the situation at the time, they were all just waiting motionlessly.

They only revealed themselves when we arrived at the cave entrance.

There are also witness accounts of seeing a similar item at the time.

'The problem is, to hide all 90 people, they would need at least three of those...'

Nevertheless, if this guess is true, I'm actually more curious about something else.

Not how they gathered such a precious item.

Just what kind of person is this 'Golden Ghost' who went out of his way to collect three of these?

No matter how I look at it, his intentions don't seem good-.

"Viscount Yandel."

Just then, Belleg abruptly stopped walking and whispered to me.

"I told you to call me Captain."

"... There are people approaching."

"How many?"

"Six."

There was no need to ask who they were.

It was surely one of the teams under the Golden Tree Clan.

"If we continue on this path, we will encounter them."

However, this situation itself was a bit unexpected.

For the past two days, I had never actually run into them.

Even if our paths crossed, we would sense each other from afar and move to avoid one another.

"It seems they have business with us. We'll wait here for a moment."

How much time had passed since I made that decision?

As I waited patiently, a team of explorers wearing the insignia of the Golden Tree Clan emerged from between the gloomy bushes befitting of Skull Island.

And...

"...... Yandel?"

"Abman."

A completely unexpected meeting took place.

I had seen him out of the corner of my eye during the standoff in front of the cave, but it wasn't a situation to exchange proper greetings.

Anyway, once I grasped the situation, a dry laugh escaped me.

Seeing how flustered he was, it didn't seem like he had come looking for me on purpose...

"Looks like you're lost."

"... Of course not. We were just passing through."

What's he talking about? It's obvious he's the guide for that team solely because of his Guide ability.

Bear Uncle is a guide, but he has no sense of direction.

And he completely lacks the detection ability that most guides have as a basic skill.

To think, back in the Team Apple Narak days, I had to take guide lessons from Rotmiller even though we had a perfectly fine Guide.

Well, thinking about it now, it turned out for the best...

"Sigh... again?"

One of Bear Uncle's teammates let out a sigh.

But it felt a little different from the sighs we used to let out when we were in Apple Narak.

If our sighs were laments filled with a bit of affection...

"Didn't you hear? The Captain said to avoid contact as much as possible."

"Ah..."

"Did you do it on purpose? So you could meet your old friend and chat?"

"N-No, that's not it...! There's no way I'd do that. Th-This is just a coincidence."

"Coincidence, my foot. It's just your lack of skill."

With that conversation, the air filling the space instantly froze awkwardly.

From that short exchange, I could grasp the relationship between them and Bear Uncle, and perhaps because he knew this, Bear Uncle also seemed uncomfortable as he glanced at us.

No, to be precise...

"......."

It was the face of someone who had been caught doing something they didn't want to be seen doing.

I suppose I would be the same.

No one would want their family or friends to see them being picked on by their superiors.

Besides, what I was seeing probably wasn't the whole picture.

They were probably restraining themselves somewhat because I was here.

Far worse insults must have been happening for a long time behind the scenes.

"Anyway, my apologies, Viscount. We didn't mean to interrupt... As you can see, it was this man's mistake, not ours."

"... I have no intention of blaming you, so don't worry about it."

"Then that's a relief. You heard him, right? Let's go."

I wanted to talk more with Bear Uncle, but given the situation, I couldn't hold them back, so the conversation ended.

If I insisted, a short conversation might have been possible, but it wouldn't have been good for Bear Uncle.

They might falsely accuse him of being a traitor for passing information to us.

Above all, it seemed Bear Uncle also wanted to get away from this situation.

So I was about to let them go without another word, but...

"Huuu... how did a half-wit like this end up on our team?"

That one sentence, too loud for a murmur, caught my ear.

And...

[Misha Karlstein has cast [Soul of the Glacier].]

With a single sword strike, an ice wall rose in the path of the guys who had turned their backs to leave.

"What did you just say, nya?"

Misha was properly provoked.

***

The cold air blooming from the ice wall rode the wind and brushed against my skin.

It was an unexpected, sudden action, but so far, it was okay.

At least she hadn't directly attacked them.

The problem, however, was that she couldn't go any further than this...

"Viscount Yandel."

The man who appeared to be the team leader looked at me instead of saying anything to Misha.

"Should I take this to mean you are breaking the agreement?"

The team leader's eyes were full of belligerence as he asked, and honestly, I found it incredibly absurd.

Not even a Captain, but a mere team member was acting like this.

I was about to step in and say something.

"Enough, you! Goblin Head! Answer me quickly. What did you say to Abman just now, nya?"

"....."

"You're not going to talk?"

Seeing the team leader only glance at her once without meeting her eyes even after hearing her words, Misha began to breathe heavily.

Brrrrrrr...

The trembling that reached the fingertips of her sword-wielding hand showed she was seriously pissed off...

It's been a long time since I've seen her this angry.

"Answer me."

Perhaps because her voice itself had lowered, her usual slurred pronunciation had also stopped.

Only then did the team leader answer in an annoyed voice.

"Are you acting like this because I called him a half-wit?"

"You......"

"Hmph, so it was true."

"Take back what you said while I'm asking nicely."

"Honestly, I don't know what right you have to tell me to take it back or not."

"What...?"

"Of course, I know you were on a team with Urikfrit before. But he is a member of our clan now. I would appreciate it if you didn't interfere in our internal affairs."

"Then does that mean it's fine as long as he's not a member of your clan? Abman! Come here! Quit that crappy clan right now and-."

"Stop it, Misha Karlstein."

The one who cut Misha off was not me, nor the team leader, but Bear Uncle himself.

His tone was so firm that Misha wore a shocked expression.

"... Why?"

She was trying to help, so why did he cut her off so coldly?

Bear Uncle didn't say why.

The one who stated the reason was the team leader.

"You called him a former colleague, but it seems you don't even know that much?"

"......?"

"Urikfrit borrowed money from our clan. With the Labyrinth closed for over a year and his shop not doing well, he had no choice."

"Ha! How much is it? We can just pay it back-."

"It doesn't matter if you pay it back or not. The condition for borrowing the money was to complete a set number of expeditions. We're on the first one now, so after this expedition is over, he'll have 23 left."

"So... is that why you're bullying him like that, nya? Because he can't leave anyway...?"

"Well, I don't know what you're talking abou-."

"That's enough."

At this point, I intervened in the conversation.

Misha seemed to have a lot more to say, but I stopped her with a look that told her to be quiet.

"I have no intention of meddling in your affairs, and even less intention of breaking the agreement. So let's leave it at that."

"Thank you."

As I took a step back first, the team leader guy also bowed his head, and it seemed like this little incident was about to be wrapped up.

But was she too angry to just stay quiet?

"... Why are you doing this, nya?"

Misha once again spoke to them as they were about to leave.

Amelia, who was next to her, tried to stop Misha, but this time, I stopped Amelia.

It was clear she wasn't about to attack them out of the blue.

"I don't know what you mean."

"I asked why you're doing this. You're on the same team, you're colleagues, nya... But why do you ignore and bully him...? Do you... do you find that sort of thing fun...?"

At that utterly pure question, the team leader seemed stunned for a moment before his eyes took on an angry glint.

"Must be nice. It's like you all live in a different world from us."

"..... What?"

"Now if you'll excuse us."

Afterward, the guys disappeared back into the bushes from which they had appeared, and Misha, still upset, bit her lip.

"Bjorn......."

"Don't worry. I have a plan."

"... R-Really, nya!"

It wasn't a plan I'd had from the beginning, but one that just formed.

[Win the competition against the Golden Tree Clan and monopolize the Skull Island event.]

If that was the Main Quest, should I say a side quest has just been generated?

Even if Bear Uncle himself doesn't want it.

'If the Guild Master leaves, one spot will open up, won't it?'

I just can't stand by and watch this any longer.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 795 ---

Chapter 795: Skull Island (2)

The Hidden Piece of Skull Island is extremely simple.

If you keep roaming the map and hunting, you can encounter a monster called the 'Keykeeper' at a very low probability.

ItГўВҖВҷs a sort of Mid-boss, but itГўВҖВҷs not that strong.

It belongs to the Fourth Rank, but just barely.

In terms of Combat Power alone, itГўВҖВҷs closer to the upper tier of the Fifth Rank.

Anyway, if you cast the 'Distortion' spell on this creature, hunt it, and obtain the 'key,' you can open the cave in the center of the island.

And....

'If you kill everything and go all the way to the end, the Boss Room will appear.'

This creature, known as the head of Skull Island, is actually quite difficult.

Its Rank itself is only Third Rank, but only one team can enter the Boss Room.

This means a full expedition-sized Raid is impossible....

'Its patterns are quite tricky, too.'

In the early days, the Ghost Busters sold information about Skull Island, and that information was none other than the Strategy Guide for the Boss fight.

I wonder if she took it down? That wo......

Come to think of it, I donГўВҖВҷt think I saw her nickname anywhere after that, not on the forums or in question posts, right up until the Ghost Busters shut down...

Well, itГўВҖВҷs not something I need to worry about right now.

"Mr. Yandel, are you sure this is okay?"

"Hm? What do you mean?"

"This situation. You were so certain that we would be the first to enter the cave, but we haven't seen a single trace of that Keykeeper yet."

Ah, that?

ItГўВҖВҷs true, it's been two days and we haven't seen one.

That's a little disappointing.

But...

"Just wait. We will be the first to enter."

I never intended to use the standard Strategy Guide in the first place.

It makes sense, doesn't it? What are the chances that our twelve members could find the key faster than a group of ninety people by just roaming the island?

The source of my confidence was something else.

On this island, there's a way to get the key with certaintyГўВҖВ”.

"Phew, I finally found it. My luck is just terrible."

To think it would only appear after two days, when we've almost uncovered the entire map.

It showed up so late that I was honestly getting a little scared.

Well, thankfully, it seems luck isn't on their side either, since they haven't opened the cave yet.

Crunch, crunch.

I moved forward, crushing the bone fragments that covered the ground.

It was a geographical feature of Skull Island.

This island is completely covered with all kinds of bones, regardless of whether they are from humans or monsters.

And the important thing here is...

'That there is a special skull among them.'

Just like this one.

I soon approached the skull I had been looking for and glanced down at it for a moment.

It was a size more suited for a boulder than a skull.

However, a skull of this size is common on this island, so it doesn't really stand out.

'Two horns and a square jaw.'

After confirming all its features, I raised my hammer, and that's when Raven spoke up.

"This skull... it looks like the Keykeeper's, doesn't it?"

"... Hm? It doesn't look like it at all."

"No. It does. I happen to have an anatomical chart with me..."

"Why would you have something like that?"

"I heard we might be going to Skull Island, so I did some research. Anyway, look! Don't they look alike?"

"... It does look similar."

In fact, it wasn't just similar; it was identical.

"Could it be that other explorers cast 'Distortion' on it, hunted it, and then left it behind? The Great Sea doesn't reset every time the Labyrinth opens and closes like the other floors, right?"

Hmm, well...

It's true that the Sixth Floor doesn't reset, so that could be possible...

But then, shouldn't there be several of these skulls scattered around the island?

Why is there always only one?

My curiosity as an Explorer actually living in this world suddenly reared its head, but..

"I'm not really interested in that sort of thing."

With the mind of a player, I just accepted it and moved on.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

A Gamer doesn't understand the Phenomenon.

They simply use it.

Just like now.

Only one thing was important to me.

Crack-!

The fact that you can get the key by destroying a specific type of skull in the center of Skull Island.

"Belleg, lead the way to the cave."

Having obtained the key, we quickly moved toward the center of the island.

As I chuckled during our journey, Raven asked.

"What are you thinking about that's making you grin like that?"

"I wasn't thinking about anything."

I wonder what kind of face that 'Golden Ghost' bastard will make when I show up with the key?

***

When we arrived at the cave entrance, it was empty except for one team that looked like they were on guard.

They tilted their heads as they watched us approach, then became noticeably flustered when they saw us heading toward the cave entrance.

"D-did you perhaps find the key?"

"What about it?"

"......"

"Move."

"W-wait! Could you please wait just a moment?"

As I postured as if I were about to open the cave and go inside right away, they desperately tried to hold me back.

It was a situation I had more or less expected, but I pretended not to know and scowled.

"Why should I wait? It looks like you haven't found the key yet, but I have. Therefore, we have the right to challenge that cave first. I'm sure that was our agreement, wasn't it?"

"Oh, yes. You're absolutely right. But... just a moment! If you could just wait a little bit, would it be possible for you to meet and talk with our captain?"

"Hmm... I'll give you ten minutes."

"Yes...? Ten minutes... you say?"

"Why, do you have a problem with that?"

"No, no! Of course not. Thank you for giving us this chance!"

As soon as the conversation ended, the most agile-looking member of his team immediately ran off somewhere.

I wonder how much time passed after that.

Finally, having received the message, 'Golden Ghost' appeared.

The time it took was about eight minutes.

'It seems he wasn't hunting, just bossing people around nearby.'

Well, command is a matter of personal style, so I have no intention of debating it.

I prefer to be on the ground with my team.

"Phew... I've heard the story. Thank you for waiting. You've found the key?"

"What of it? Are you planning to stop me?"

When I snapped at him sharply, Golden Ghost waved his hands and shook his head.

"No, of course not. I was just hoping to make a deal with you, Viscount. As I said, thank you for at least giving me the chance."

What a funny guy.

I haven't even said I'd accept his offer, yet he's thanking me in advance.

"Enough, just say it. The clock is ticking. As you know, time is gold in the Labyrinth."

"Yes. Since you put it that way, I'll get straight to the point. Could you tell me the amount you desire?"

"... Are you asking for the key?"

"No. We also obtained a key thirty minutes ago, so we don't need yours. I'm only asking to buy the chance to go first. Of course, if we fail, you can go next, Viscount."

Is it because his nickname is 'Golden Ghost'? As soon as things go wrong, he immediately brings out money.

"But saying that, you and I both know. Whoever goes first will succeed on their first try.ГўВҖВқ

"So, would you tell me? The amount you want?"

"No, why do you keep asking for an amount?"

"You have to tell meГўВҖВ”"

"If I ask for ten billion Stone, will you give it to me?"

"......"

See? You'd be speechless.

"Just be blunt. Tell me the maximum amount you can offer. Then I'll listen and think about it. But let me say this in advance, don't try to negotiate by raising it bit by bit. I hate troublesome things."

"How about four hundred million Stone?"

"Just selling the chief's Essence would get me five hundred million."

"But there's no guarantee that the Essence will drop."

Hmm, that's true.

To be honest, if someone offered me that money to enter the cave, I'd never go.

Because if the boss doesn't drop an Essence, it's a guaranteed loss.

'Still, it feels like he really did offer his maximum amount.'

While we were talking, he must have sent out a message, because the members of the Golden Tree Clan who were scattered across the island began to gather.

"So, what will you do?"

"Hmm..."

I pretended to think for a moment before answering.

"I'll accept the deal."

"Oh, a truly wiseГўВҖВ”"

"On one condition: you hand over Abman Urikfrit to us."

"......?ГўВҖВқ

At my following words, Golden Ghost's expression changed completely.

From a wide smile to that of a hunter who has discovered something.

"I am aware of the connection between you two... but it seems your friendship is still quite strong, isn't it?"

"Someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

"Haha, you are absolutely right."

"So, what's your answer?"

"I refuse. As you said, someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

Hah, trust?

A guy like that let Bear Uncle be treated like that in his clan?

I felt like flicking him on his grinning forehead, but as an intelligent man from the modern era, I barely held back.

Just then, he was about to say something more.

"Besides, someone like Mr. Urikfrit, who knows how to sacrifice for the group, is even rarer."

This bastard....

He's threatening me right now, isn't he?

Implying he'll treat Bear Uncle like a dog from now on, only giving him dangerous jobs.

"Ha....."

With superhuman patience, I held back one more time and spoke to him.

"Alright. Forget the money. Just hand over Abman. Then we'll give up on that caveГўВҖВ”"

"I'm sorry, but that's also difficult."

"... What?"

"Considering the amount Mr. Urikfrit has borrowed, the extra cost would be greater than the main prize."

"What...?"

Just how much did he borrow for him to say the extra cost is greater than the main prize in a four-hundred-million-Stone deal?

I couldn't know, but the negotiation ended there.

"Then we'll pay the differenceГўВҖВ”."

"No, we will not be breaking our contract with Mr. Urikfrit."

"......"

"Then please, go ahead. Viscount."

As if he had no lingering regrets.

No, rather, watching Golden Ghost turn his back with a flick, looking like someone in a good mood, I gritted my teeth.

[Open the cave before the Golden Tree Clan.]

Although the Main Quest was a success...

[Rescue Bear Uncle from the evil clan.]

...

The Sub Quest has failed.

***

The entrance to the cave was made of a giant skull.

It had a feel that would be perfect for a Jurassic Park-themed amusement park.

The structure involved entering through its open jaws, and inside, there was an iron door with a single keyhole.

[GrooooooooooowlГўВҖВ”!]

When I pushed the key in and turned it to the right, the eerie and intimidating roar of a beast echoed throughout the island.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going in?"

As I gazed beyond the open door, I briefly turned my head to check outside the cave and my eyes met with that Golden Ghost bastard, who was watching from outside.

'...

Is he smiling?'

He really is a disagreeable guy in so many ways.

I can't even tell what he's thinking.

"Mr. Yandel?"

Phew, yes, for now, it's best to clear the Main Quest first.

"I got it, so stop rushing me."

Leaving behind an unexplainable sense of unease, I stepped into the cave.

And....

ThudГўВҖВ”!

The entrance closed with a loud sound.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 796 ---

Chapter 796: Skull Island (3)

Treasure brings misfortune.

This saying rings especially true within the Labyrinth.

Even for me, back in my novice days, there were times when someone turned into a Raider over a single pocket dimension bag.

Such incidents were so common that I once seriously considered peeling off the workshop's seal from my pocket dimension bag or smearing charcoal on my lithium alloy breastplate to dull its shine.

But...

I thought those days were over.

I gained fame, formed a team, that team grew into a clan, I became a noble, then a Tribe Chief...

The more I had, the less I felt the need to hide it.

No, in fact, I revealed everything I could.

I decided that it was more beneficial to do so now.

But what is this now?

"......"

As soon as the man threw out his subtle question, the weight of the air changed.

Neither he nor I said a word.

My companions drew their weapons one by one, preparing for battle at any moment, and his side did the same.

"......"

"......"

In the sharp silence, we aimed our gazes at each other.

The man was contemplating.

After all, there was so much to gain if they took me down.

The Numbers Items I was known to possess were numerous, and among them was even a single-digit Numbers Item.

Besides those, he must be thinking that I have far more unknown items.

Because humans are creatures of imagination.

And they imagine in ways that benefit them.

"... How are you getting along with your new team members?"

This little bit of greed probably stemmed from considering our team's composition.

Because Erwen and Ainar, who were members of the Seven Peaks, were not here.

Belleg, in a way, was a washed-up has-been who had retired once, and as for Misha, not much was known about her combat power.

'Raven and Kaislan are quite famous, but...'

He probably thought this was a fight worth trying.

After all, they had well over forty people, while we had only six.

"I have no reason to report our clan's internal affairs to you. So what is it you want to say?"

"Haha, why are you so aggressive? I just wanted to tell you to be careful."

"......?"

"Well, tales like fighting twenty members of Orculis alone, or defeating an Evil Eye in a single blow... Perhaps some ignorant fools might believe them, but anyone who would believe such absurd stories of heroism wouldn't have been able to enter the Labyrinth in the first place."

Ah... so that was it.

Only then did it make sense.

I was wondering why he was getting greedy looking at me, but it seems he thought my strength was nothing but exaggerated rumors.

"We're gentlemen, so we'll just pass by like this, butвҖ”"

What is he talking about? He's just a coward who can't even try because the risk is too great.

"Meiruta Clan."

I cut him off and continued quickly.

"A total of 121 members, but 48 entered for this expedition. It seems you've made an agreement with the Dvorede Clan, which is of a similar size. Seeing as you're still separate, it looks like you plan to join up on the sixth floor."

"How do you...?"

"When you're in my position, there are things you naturally come to know. For example, that your clan has been suspected of raiding several times, even though you were found not guilty at trial."

"......"

"Are you coveting what I have?"

The man did not answer my question.

It was quite a ridiculous sight.

When I was quiet, he saw me as a pushover, but now that I was coming on strong, he was flustered and did not know what to do.

"... Haha, what are you talking about? I was just giving you advice to be carefulвҖ”"

"Prepare for battle."

I cut him off and spoke to my team members.

"From this moment, I will consider the captain of the Meiruta Clan a Raider and a murderer of nobles, and I will execute him on the spot."

"..... W-what are you talking about!"

"If you try to help your captain, you will be treated as accomplices and dealt with in the same manner."

"W-wait!!"

As I finished my brief notice and took a step forward, the man stepped back an equal distance, cutting me off.

"A-are you going to attack me now?"

"I am merely punishing a criminal."

"W-what did I do? Think carefully! Even someone like you can't act like thisвҖ”"

"Act like this and what?"

"......"

"Do you really think I can't handle the consequences?"

The man couldn't give any answer to my question, just opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.

He must know it himself.

That even if I killed them all while they were innocent, I could make it all go away.

"Iria Adnus."

"... Hmph, so it has come to this."

I had only called her name, but the Guild Master immediately understood my intentions and took off the helmet she was wearing.

"G-Guild Master...?"

"Why in the world is the Guild Master with the Anabada Clan...?"

Everyone was shocked, but the question they should be asking right now was not why the Guild Master was here.

"You are all participating in an act of raiding right now."

"W-we have never..."

"To my eyes, it looked like a clear act of raiding. So you're saying it wasn't? Then will you participate in your captain's criminal act?"

The Meiruta Clan members answered the Guild Master's question with their actions.

They surreptitiously took a step back without even realizing it...

'Okay, this is the end of it.'

When you start something, it is important not to give the opponent time to think.

As soon as the members backed away, I rushed forward.

And...

"... Ut!"

After grabbing the Meiruta Clan's captain by the head with one hand.

KwwwaaaaangвҖ”!

I slammed him into the ground.

Needless to say, the members took no action even in that situation.

No, to be precise, they could not.

It might have been different if the captain had shown strong charisma and given an order.

But among the regular members, there was no one who could make such a weighty decision in this situation.

"......"

"......."

And so, a heavy silence once again fell within the Labyrinth.

But it felt completely different from the previous silence.

Before, it was a tense silence, one on the verge of an explosion where no one knew when a clash would occur...

"......"

Now, it is the silence that comes after the victor and the vanquished have been decided.

The vanquished have no options and can only wait for the victor to show mercy.

"What will you do?"

The Guild Master clicked her tongue and approached me.

"There will be no problem executing him here. He was a man with a bad reputation, so if we shake him down back in the city, something will surely turn up. Besides, they were the ones who broke the unwritten rule and approached us first."

"S-save me... P-please. I was wrong."

"So, what will you do?"

The Guild Master asked as if she could not hear the man's begging for his life, and I, too, ignored it as if I heard nothing and finished my deliberation.

"Execution."

"What...? No, how can this be! I-I really didn't do anything!"

Well, it is true that what he said was not wrong.

The problem, however, is that he entertained the thought, even for a moment.

'What if Team 2 had met guys like these?'

What if they were ambushed while ascending the floors, and someone ended up dying?

I have no intention of letting such a situation happen and then consoling myself by saying there was nothing I could do.

Yes, that is why...

I have to let them know.

What kind of person Bjorn Yandel is.

What kind of end awaits those who mess with us.

KwajikвҖ”!

There was no need for any more words.

I soon brought my hammer down, and with that, the situation was over.

After I made my decision, the Guild Master approached me.

"Well done. These types are like cockroaches. Especially in that if you just leave them be, they'll multiply without end."

I did not need to pay mind to the Guild Master's consolation; I quickly scanned the expressions of my companions around me.

Raven, who had been in the military for quite a long time, surprisingly showed no change in expression, and the same went for Belleg.

Kaislan, too, was watching as if it were rather satisfying.

However...

"......"

Only Misha, who had spent the most time with me, gave me a slightly worried look, but she did not say anything on the spot.

"Um... w-what will happen to us?"

"Are you the vice-captain?"

"Y-yes. Baron... no, Viscount..."

The vice-captain could not even meet my eyes and trembled.

Well, having lost their captain in such an unexpected place, I must look like some kind of demon to him.

In fact, to them, it might have seemed like I simply got angry and killed him in an instant.

"I have a few questions."

"W-we really had no such intention! Even when we sensed your presence, I-I suggested we turn back, but the captain, on his ownвҖ”"

"I'm not asking about that."

"Yes? In that case..."

"I understand you set the rendezvous point on the fifth floor, but how did you get here so quickly?"

In fact, it was a question I had as soon as I saw these guys.

We were also proceeding with our expedition at a very fast pace, so how could these guys have gotten ahead of us?

And with a group of 48 people, no less.

"Th-that's because the captain included six members who possess the [Banner of Swiftness] in the expedition! Ah, the [Banner of Swiftness] is..."

"No need for an explanation. I know about it."

The [Banner of Swiftness] is an aura-type skill that greatly increases movement speed in proportion to the number of people being buffed.

However, its MP consumption is quite high, but they could have managed that by having several people take turns using it...

'But is this expedition strategy really beneficial?'

As I was pondering for a moment, the Guild Master chimed in, speaking mockingly.

"Using an expedition strategy that's not really used these days."

"Yes...?"

"Isn't that a strategy that only reaches maximum efficiency after everyone gathers on the fifth floor? Well, you can pass through the fifth floor quickly, but... from the sixth floor, you take a ship, so it's meaningless, and from the seventh floor, it's a section where stability becomes more important than speed, so it was popular for a short while in the old days before being discarded."

". Ah, i-is that so...? I had no idea. I heard the captain paid a lot of money to learn this expedition strategy..."

"Then he wasted his money."

Anyway, the mystery was solved.

To be honest, I was also a bit surprised to suddenly encounter such a large group on the fifth floor.

"Then we..."

"Let's move together. You're heading to the sixth floor anyway, right?"

"Yes...?"

"Any complaints?"

"None..."

Since it has come to this, I should just get to the sixth floor quickly and rest.

***

гҖҢThere are 53 characters within range.гҖҚ

гҖҢThe effect of [Banner of Swiftness] is increased by 315%.гҖҚ

гҖҢAll movement-related stats are greatly increased, and stamina consumption during movement is greatly reduced.гҖҚ

гҖҢYou have entered the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.гҖҚ

***

Traveling with the Meiruta Clan while receiving buffs, we reached the sixth floor before the end of the 16th day, despite having wasted time on various things.

The Island of Beginnings, Rymia.

On the coast, quite a few clans could be seen preparing to set sail or waiting for companions who had not arrived yet.

"It seems not many ships have set sail yet."

"That's a relief. It seems Team 2 hasn't arrived yet, so let's hurry to the mountain."

"Um..."

"You guys follow, too."

Having arrived on the sixth floor, we took the Meiruta Clan with us and climbed the mountain located in the center of the island.

And...

"I could roughly see it from below, but... I don't think I've ever seen so many trees growing here before."

"Everyone, grab your axes."

We began the logging operation in earnest.

After all, the trees that grow here are very expensive.

Normally, everyone cuts them down, so there are only stumps left, but since the Labyrinth had opened after a long time, the trees were dense...

'Anyway, it seems everyone had the same idea.'

There were already quite a few explorers logging in the area.

No wonder I only saw explorers guarding ships or barracks on the coast.

'Still, there's no other group with as many people as us.'

Indeed, the reason we split into two teams to ascend was because of these trees on the sixth floor.

We had agreed that whichever team arrived first would start cutting them down.

They are probably just farming until all their members gather.

SwishвҖ”! SwishвҖ”! CruuuuumbleвҖ”!

And so, we continued to log in earnest, as if competing with the other explorers.

It was enough to make one confused about whether we came into the Labyrinth to explore or to grind...

'Once the Labyrinth fully opens, the price of wood will probably skyrocket.'

It was clearly more profitable than most hunting, so I, my team members, and the 47 volunteers we picked up on the fifth floor all diligently cut down trees.

However, the problem was...

One day, two days, three days, four days...

The number of explorers who came to log increased.

Thanks to them, the speed at which the mountain turned bald accelerated.

Eventually, there were no more trees to cut, and all the explorers left.

"...... Damn it."

...

Team 2 still had not arrived.

People, when given any material, start by imagining.

There might be differences in the scale or method of imagination, but no one doesn't imagine.

In that sense, my current imagination is also valid.

'Five days over the expected arrival date...'

The mobility of Team 1 and Team 2 are not different enough to cause such a time lag.

In other words, something must have happened to Team 2 during their expedition.

The only thing is that I don't know what that something is...

'Could it be...'

My subconscious, accustomed to all sorts of misfortune, naturally brings up the most ominous possibility first.

I wonder if they ran into Raiders.

Weren't there explorers who, like the Meiruta Clan we met on the Fifth Floor, would harbor desires seeing Team 2 operating alone?

"..."

What torments me more is that these imaginings are not baseless delusions.

Isn't that so?

The Meiruta Clan was timid, so they just tried to pass us by.

But would everyone be like them?

What if Team 2 was unlucky and ran into more decisive and bold bastards who weren't afraid of my reputation?

Grind...

This is exactly why I was so harsh with the Captain of the Meiruta Clan.

Because in any situation, I want to eliminate any variable that could threaten me, and us.

So I executed him as an example.

In fact, that was also why I told the Vice-Captain of the Meiruta Clan to spread the word about what happened as much as possible as soon as he left the Labyrinth.

"B-Bjorn...?"

No, that's not it.

My vision has narrowed.

Maybe it wasn't just Raiders they met.

The enemies threatening me include Lee Baekho and Auril Gavis.

Or maybe Noark noticed the Labyrinth opening and secretly sent in their explorers-.

"Bjorn!!"

Someone smashed me on the back, and at the same time, I came to my senses.

"... Misha?"

"Are you finally listening to me now!!"

Ah, she'd been talking to me all along.

"What is it?"

Wanting to continue my thoughts, I quickly asked her business, but Misha only gave an unexpected answer.

"Please! Stop thinking such strange things! They'll be fine!"

"... How can you be so sure?"

"Because I trust them."

"......?"

"Emily, Erwen, Ainar, and the rest... To be honest, I'm a little worried about Mr. Lokrov, but anyway! They're all people who can take care of themselves!"

"No, it's not that I don't trust them-."

"Bjorn, more importantly, I think you're seriously mistaken about something."

"......?"

"We are not your children. We are your companions."

"...... I'll go cool my head."

"Okay, okay. Go on."

Taking Misha's concerned advice, I backed down and left the front of the portal to cool my head for a bit.

However, that didn't make my anxiety go away.

It was only natural.

The reason I meekly followed Misha's advice in the first place was because I needed a quiet place to think, and because I judged it wouldn't be good for me, the Captain, to show such a side in front of the other members-.

"Bjorn!"

I don't know how much time passed since I left Team 1, but Misha called out to me from afar.

"Just how far did you go to cool your head! I was looking for you for a while."

"Go back and tell the team members to prepare to leave."

"... Huh? Prepare to leave?"

Misha tilted her head, not understanding.

I voiced the decision I had made swiftly, yet after careful consideration.

"As soon as the preparations are complete, we will descend to the Fifth Floor. It's better than waiting indefinitely-."

"What are you talking about! There's no need for that!!"

"I'll decide whether it's necessary or not. I don't know what exact situation Team 2 is in right now, but if they're being chased by someone, or hiding somewhere to avoid being seen, then we need to go help right now-"

"No, Team 2 came up a little while ago, you idiot!!"

"... What?"

For a moment, my mind went blank.

Seeing me like that, Misha quickly explained the parts I would have been most curious about.

"First, they're all safe! They said they were late because they entered a Fourth Floor Rift and came back!!"

"......"

"Geez, that's why I told you! That nothing would happen!"

For a moment, I felt relieved that everyone was safe, but then I felt an indescribable emotion and ran toward the portal... toward where Team 2 would be.

"... Huh? Hey, I'm talking to you, where are you suddenly going!"

As the portal grew closer, I could see the members of Team 2 gathered in front of it.

Amelia seemed to be calmly explaining the situation to the other members, while Ainar next to her was swaggering and boasting about what she had obtained.

Only then did I realize what that indescribable emotion was.

It was a slight annoyance.

However, I myself couldn't understand the reason for this feeling.

"... Ah, Yandel? You're here. I heard you were very worried because we were late."

As soon as I ran up, panting, and stood before them, Amelia spoke in a slightly teasing voice.

Erwen was the same.

"Hehe, it's the Old Man! Were you very worried?"

Even hearing those welcoming words, I didn't open my mouth.

I felt that if I uttered even a single word, this emotion would leak out.

No, has it already come out?

"Emily... why were you so late?"

"Ah, did you not hear from Karlstein? A Fourth-Floor Rift opened right in front of us, and after discussing it with the team, we entered."

"......"

"But wasn't this already discussed? That from the Fourth Floor and up, we would enter Rifts if we could."

That's right.

That is true.

That's why even though Team 2 was a few days late, the other team members comforted me by saying such things.

In fact, they did what I, the Captain, should have been doing.

However, the problem is...

"Still. Isn't it too late?"

It's probably me.

"... What?"

"At your level, it shouldn't have taken five days to clear a Fourth-Floor Rift...?"

"It's true that it took a bit more time to proceed safely. But are you blaming us for that now?"

Amelia, sharply noticing the subtle emotion mixed in my question, furrowed her brow, and only then did my mind clear.

The problem was clearly with me.

No, to be precise...

"Yandel... what on earth is making you so impatient?"

Something went wrong with my head.

***

Day 21 in the Labyrinth.

After arriving on the Sixth Floor, there was a small incident, but we wrapped it up well and finally set our ship to sea and departed.

Ah, for reference, we parted ways with the Meiruta Clan here.

"We've finally set sail..."

"It seems the Royal Family is also getting ready to leave, huh?"

Looking at the coast, the expeditionary force organized by the Royal Family was just now setting their warships to sea one by one, and seeing this made my stomach churn for no reason.

'Looks like they'll finish departing by tomorrow too.'

In terms of time alone, it feels like there's something to be desired.

Despite moving so quickly, to think we only managed to set sail just one day earlier than the slow-moving expeditionary force.

In fact, around the island, aside from a few ships launched by small clans, there were only the Royal Family's warships.

"We're a bit later than planned, but don't worry about it too much. We did a lot of logging, and we cleared a Rift."

As if my feelings were plain to see, Amelia came up beside me and spoke comfortingly.

But maybe it's because of what happened earlier?

There's still a slightly awkward atmosphere between us.

Both I and Amelia are still holding back from talking about the incident from a little while ago.

"Yes, that's right! In a way, we earned more than we would have by hunting for five days, right? Don't worry about it too much, Old Man!"

Hah.

But for even Erwen to be this worried.

What on earth am I doing?

While I suddenly feel pathetic, I also think that I need to get a grip from now on.

And to do that, I'll have to solve the problem in my head first.

Swoooosh-

I went out onto the deck, felt the cool sea breeze, watched the parting waves, and reflected on myself.

The me from a little while ago was not like me at all.

No, thinking about it, it's been like this since the Meiruta Clan incident.

It's as if one of the gears that make up my mind has broken.

Emotion precedes reason, and I become more sensitive and aggressive than necessary.

It's fine usually, but the moment a button is pushed, I change like that.

'Am I too stressed...'

Looked at simply, that could be it, but it wasn't a problem to be taken lightly.

Because if a commander loses their reason and acts emotionally, the entire group suffers the consequences.

In fact, someone could even get hurt because of this problem.

But how do I fix something like this?

There's no psychiatrist here, so do I have to perform physical therapy on myself?

Just as I was thinking that.

"Yandel."

"Ah, Emily..."

"It's alright. It's only natural."

It seemed Amelia had a rough idea of why I was having a problem with my head.

Well, she is a sharp woman.

"......"

"......"

Silence continued after that, but it wasn't awkward like before.

I wonder how much time passed like that.

'Ah, by the way, I still haven't asked about this.'

Well, after that conversation earlier, it became awkward, so I didn't even bring up the topic.

Suddenly remembering, I asked Amelia.

"By the way, what was the Rift you entered on the Fourth Floor?"

"... It was the DoppelgГӨnger Forest."

"...... Is that so? A pity it wasn't the Golden Ruins."

"I heard you told Raven it would definitely be the DoppelgГӨnger Forest?"

That was because I didn't think our team would be the one going in.

"......"

Hah, is this why people should have a kind heart?

***

Day 29 in the Labyrinth.

It was the ninth day since we began our voyage from the Island of Beginnings - Rymia.

Our ship, which had been crossing the sea without stopping at a single island, anchored at an island.

It was the first destination on our expedition route.

Of course, since our schedule was delayed by five days, I considered just skipping it, but...

'It seems a bit of a waste to do that.

It's also on the way.'

Well, we can just take care of it as quickly as possible and leave.

"Ugh... I'd heard about it, but it's much more gloomy than I thought. To think the entire island is made of bone..."

"Oooooh!! It's that island! Skull Island!"

"The official name is Catacomb, Miss Fenelin."

Skull Island, Catacomb.

In reality, this is my first time coming to this island, but the island and I have a strange connection.

When I first went to the Ghost Busters, Skull Island was among the information I sold to earn GP, and I also spread information related to Skull Island at the Round Table...

"Um... Captain?"

Just as I was about to get off the ship, Sven Parab approached me.

"Do you happen to know? They say if you defeat the boss monster of Skull Island and reach the Tenth Floor, you can have some kind of special experience..."

Heh, as expected of a member of the Round Table.

That's the information I spread.

I pretended not to know and opened my mouth.

"A special experience?"

"Yes. I don't know the details either, but according to a reliable source, there is such a thing. Of course, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor this time, but I thought you should know..."

"Is that so? I'll keep it in mind. Though as you said, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor."

After finishing the conversation and entering the island, Belleg, who had gotten off the ship first, approached me and relayed information.

"There are guests here before us."

"Guests..."

I had expected this to some extent.

Right now, every floor of the Labyrinth is like a gold mine.

It's not just this island; things like this are probably happening all over the Great Sea.

Where there's treasure, there are always competitors.

"How many are there?"

"I'm not sure about that... but it's certain that at least one clan was here on this island first. Look over there. They even left their clan's flag at the entrance for all to see."

"I can guess what they're like."

"It seems to be an implicit warning not to enter since they came first... What will you do?"

What do you mean, what will I do? We took the precious time to even dock the ship, so we have to at least look around before we go.

Still, before just barging in, I checked first.

"Adnus, is that emblem the one for the Golden Tree Clan?"

"It is. The one whose Captain is 'Golden Ghost', one of the Seven Peaks."

I wondered if it was them after seeing the emblem, and it really is.

The Golden Tree Clan was a clan I had heard of and knew well.

For one, the clan's Captain is a member of the Seven Peaks, to which Erwen and Ainar belong...

"Huh? Golden Tree? If it's that clan, then surely...!"

Seeing Misha's glance as if asking for confirmation, I nodded.

"That's right."

It's the clan the Bear Uncle belongs to.

The Ten Great Clans, the Five Great Clans, the Four Great Clans...

In the past, the famous large clans of the time were grouped and called by such names, but now, that culture has quietly faded away.

It happened naturally as numerous clans disappeared and merged during the several years of chaotic times...

In any case, even amidst such a period of upheaval, there was a clan that showed tremendous growth and began to make a new name for itself.

The Golden Tree Clan.

Until a few years ago, it was a clan where only the Captain was famous, but it was said to have shown great skill during the war, absorbing and merging several clans to grow significantly.

Raven's assessment of that clan was as follows.

"The Golden Tree Clan? Hmm, I heard they were quite active during the war, but to me, it feels like they only chose the easy battlefields. Still, their forces seem pretty well-equipped... If I had to say, they're probably worthy of the lowest seat among the old Ten Great Clans."

"Adnus, what do you think?"

"There's a lot of talk about them in many ways, but it's undeniable that they possess considerable power. Ah, I heard they are quite close with political and financial figures. They supposedly have some connection with Count Alminus, and... they seem to be soul partners with our guild's third Regional Chief."

"Is that so..."

According to the information the Guild Master gave me, the Golden Tree Clan had a total of 90 members enter the Labyrinth this time, which was the fourth-largest number among all the clans.

That meant the Royal Family and the Guild had backed them.

Otherwise, there was no way they would have been assigned so many people.

"But what does it mean that there's a lot of talk about them in many ways?"

"From time to time, we hear of internal discord. They say the members are worked to the bone... but there haven't been any insiders who have actually testified or exposed this. It means they keep a very tight lid on things."

"Worked to the bone, huh..."

Could this be related to why Bear Uncle looked so grim when he spoke of his clan back then?

"Still, it's not like there are no good reviews. No, rather, there are far more good ones. They say the pay is solid, and instead of selling Essences, they give them to their members, caring a lot about their growth."

Hmm, indeed...

What the Guild Master said seems to be true.

Last time I saw him, Bear Uncle had also acquired many new Essences, and as a result, he had apparently been promoted to the Third Rank.

"Abman. He's okay, right...?"

Even after hearing the same story, Misha showed a worried expression, while Ainar was simply thrilled at the fact that she could meet Bear Uncle on this island.

"Let's go in quickly! To meet Urakburak here, this must be a sign of Luck!"

Well, it doesn't quite feel like a sign of Luck to me...

"So what are you going to do, Yandel?"

"What do you mean, what am I going to do? Of course, we have to go in."

"I see. Understood."

When I stated my intentions clearly, Amelia made a slightly peculiar expression.

Should I say it felt like she had something to say but was holding it back?

"Spit it out. What is it?"

"... If you happen to meet 'Golden Ghost', it would be best not to underestimate him."

At Amelia's words, my head tilted unknowingly.

To think she would give such advice, knowing my personality of tapping even a stone bridge before crossing.

"Do you know something about him?"

I asked Amelia for more, but she said she had never met him herself.

I could only hear about the rumors and his past actions, and with that, my questions about this 'Golden Ghost' fellow grew larger.

'Just what kind of guy is he to warrant this?'

Well, I'll find out when I meet

Treasure brings misfortune.

This saying rings especially true within the Labyrinth.

Even for me, back in my novice days, there were times when someone turned into a Raider over a single pocket dimension bag.

Such incidents were so common that I once seriously considered peeling off the workshop's seal from my pocket dimension bag or smearing charcoal on my lithium alloy breastplate to dull its shine.

But...

I thought those days were over.

I gained fame, formed a team, that team grew into a clan, I became a noble, then a Tribe Chief...

The more I had, the less I felt the need to hide it.

No, in fact, I revealed everything I could.

I decided that it was more beneficial to do so now.

But what is this now?

"......"

As soon as the man threw out his subtle question, the weight of the air changed.

Neither he nor I said a word.

My companions drew their weapons one by one, preparing for battle at any moment, and his side did the same.

"......"

"......"

In the sharp silence, we aimed our gazes at each other.

The man was contemplating.

After all, there was so much to gain if they took me down.

The Numbers Items I was known to possess were numerous, and among them was even a single-digit Numbers Item.

Besides those, he must be thinking that I have far more unknown items.

Because humans are creatures of imagination.

And they imagine in ways that benefit them.

"... How are you getting along with your new team members?"

This little bit of greed probably stemmed from considering our team's composition.

Because Erwen and Ainar, who were members of the Seven Peaks, were not here.

Belleg, in a way, was a washed-up has-been who had retired once, and as for Misha, not much was known about her combat power.

'Raven and Kaislan are quite famous, but...'

He probably thought this was a fight worth trying.

After all, they had well over forty people, while we had only six.

"I have no reason to report our clan's internal affairs to you. So what is it you want to say?"

"Haha, why are you so aggressive? I just wanted to tell you to be careful."

"......?"

"Well, tales like fighting twenty members of Orculis alone, or defeating an Evil Eye in a single blow... Perhaps some ignorant fools might believe them, but anyone who would believe such absurd stories of heroism wouldn't have been able to enter the Labyrinth in the first place."

Ah... so that was it.

Only then did it make sense.

I was wondering why he was getting greedy looking at me, but it seems he thought my strength was nothing but exaggerated rumors.

"We're gentlemen, so we'll just pass by like this, butвҖ”"

What is he talking about? He's just a coward who can't even try because the risk is too great.

"Meiruta Clan."

I cut him off and continued quickly.

"A total of 121 members, but 48 entered for this expedition. It seems you've made an agreement with the Dvorede Clan, which is of a similar size. Seeing as you're still separate, it looks like you plan to join up on the sixth floor."

"How do you...?"

"When you're in my position, there are things you naturally come to know. For example, that your clan has been suspected of raiding several times, even though you were found not guilty at trial."

"......"

"Are you coveting what I have?"

The man did not answer my question.

It was quite a ridiculous sight.

When I was quiet, he saw me as a pushover, but now that I was coming on strong, he was flustered and did not know what to do.

"... Haha, what are you talking about? I was just giving you advice to be carefulвҖ”"

"Prepare for battle."

I cut him off and spoke to my team members.

"From this moment, I will consider the captain of the Meiruta Clan a Raider and a murderer of nobles, and I will execute him on the spot."

"..... W-what are you talking about!"

"If you try to help your captain, you will be treated as accomplices and dealt with in the same manner."

"W-wait!!"

As I finished my brief notice and took a step forward, the man stepped back an equal distance, cutting me off.

"A-are you going to attack me now?"

"I am merely punishing a criminal."

"W-what did I do? Think carefully! Even someone like you can't act like thisвҖ”"

"Act like this and what?"

"......"

"Do you really think I can't handle the consequences?"

The man couldn't give any answer to my question, just opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.

He must know it himself.

That even if I killed them all while they were innocent, I could make it all go away.

"Iria Adnus."

"... Hmph, so it has come to this."

I had only called her name, but the Guild Master immediately understood my intentions and took off the helmet she was wearing.

"G-Guild Master...?"

"Why in the world is the Guild Master with the Anabada Clan...?"

Everyone was shocked, but the question they should be asking right now was not why the Guild Master was here.

"You are all participating in an act of raiding right now."

"W-we have never..."

"To my eyes, it looked like a clear act of raiding. So you're saying it wasn't? Then will you participate in your captain's criminal act?"

The Meiruta Clan members answered the Guild Master's question with their actions.

They surreptitiously took a step back without even realizing it...

'Okay, this is the end of it.'

When you start something, it is important not to give the opponent time to think.

As soon as the members backed away, I rushed forward.

And...

"... Ut!"

After grabbing the Meiruta Clan's captain by the head with one hand.

KwwwaaaaangвҖ”!

I slammed him into the ground.

Needless to say, the members took no action even in that situation.

No, to be precise, they could not.

It might have been different if the captain had shown strong charisma and given an order.

But among the regular members, there was no one who could make such a weighty decision in this situation.

"......"

"......."

And so, a heavy silence once again fell within the Labyrinth.

But it felt completely different from the previous silence.

Before, it was a tense silence, one on the verge of an explosion where no one knew when a clash would occur...

"......"

Now, it is the silence that comes after the victor and the vanquished have been decided.

The vanquished have no options and can only wait for the victor to show mercy.

"What will you do?"

The Guild Master clicked her tongue and approached me.

"There will be no problem executing him here. He was a man with a bad reputation, so if we shake him down back in the city, something will surely turn up. Besides, they were the ones who broke the unwritten rule and approached us first."

"S-save me... P-please. I was wrong."

"So, what will you do?"

The Guild Master asked as if she could not hear the man's begging for his life, and I, too, ignored it as if I heard nothing and finished my deliberation.

"Execution."

"What...? No, how can this be! I-I really didn't do anything!"

Well, it is true that what he said was not wrong.

The problem, however, is that he entertained the thought, even for a moment.

'What if Team 2 had met guys like these?'

What if they were ambushed while ascending the floors, and someone ended up dying?

I have no intention of letting such a situation happen and then consoling myself by saying there was nothing I could do.

Yes, that is why...

I have to let them know.

What kind of person Bjorn Yandel is.

What kind of end awaits those who mess with us.

KwajikвҖ”!

There was no need for any more words.

I soon brought my hammer down, and with that, the situation was over.

After I made my decision, the Guild Master approached me.

"Well done. These types are like cockroaches. Especially in that if you just leave them be, they'll multiply without end."

I did not need to pay mind to the Guild Master's consolation; I quickly scanned the expressions of my companions around me.

Raven, who had been in the military for quite a long time, surprisingly showed no change in expression, and the same went for Belleg.

Kaislan, too, was watching as if it were rather satisfying.

However...

"......"

Only Misha, who had spent the most time with me, gave me a slightly worried look, but she did not say anything on the spot.

"Um... w-what will happen to us?"

"Are you the vice-captain?"

"Y-yes. Baron... no, Viscount..."

The vice-captain could not even meet my eyes and trembled.

Well, having lost their captain in such an unexpected place, I must look like some kind of demon to him.

In fact, to them, it might have seemed like I simply got angry and killed him in an instant.

"I have a few questions."

"W-we really had no such intention! Even when we sensed your presence, I-I suggested we turn back, but the captain, on his ownвҖ”"

"I'm not asking about that."

"Yes? In that case..."

"I understand you set the rendezvous point on the fifth floor, but how did you get here so quickly?"

In fact, it was a question I had as soon as I saw these guys.

We were also proceeding with our expedition at a very fast pace, so how could these guys have gotten ahead of us?

And with a group of 48 people, no less.

"Th-that's because the captain included six members who possess the [Banner of Swiftness] in the expedition! Ah, the [Banner of Swiftness] is..."

"No need for an explanation. I know about it."

The [Banner of Swiftness] is an aura-type skill that greatly increases movement speed in proportion to the number of people being buffed.

However, its MP consumption is quite high, but they could have managed that by having several people take turns using it...

'But is this expedition strategy really beneficial?'

As I was pondering for a moment, the Guild Master chimed in, speaking mockingly.

"Using an expedition strategy that's not really used these days."

"Yes...?"

"Isn't that a strategy that only reaches maximum efficiency after everyone gathers on the fifth floor? Well, you can pass through the fifth floor quickly, but... from the sixth floor, you take a ship, so it's meaningless, and from the seventh floor, it's a section where stability becomes more important than speed, so it was popular for a short while in the old days before being discarded."

". Ah, i-is that so...? I had no idea. I heard the captain paid a lot of money to learn this expedition strategy..."

"Then he wasted his money."

Anyway, the mystery was solved.

To be honest, I was also a bit surprised to suddenly encounter such a large group on the fifth floor.

"Then we..."

"Let's move together. You're heading to the sixth floor anyway, right?"

"Yes...?"

"Any complaints?"

"None..."

Since it has come to this, I should just get to the sixth floor quickly and rest.

***

гҖҢThere are 53 characters within range.гҖҚ

гҖҢThe effect of [Banner of Swiftness] is increased by 315%.гҖҚ

гҖҢAll movement-related stats are greatly increased, and stamina consumption during movement is greatly reduced.гҖҚ

гҖҢYou have entered the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.гҖҚ

***

Traveling with the Meiruta Clan while receiving buffs, we reached the sixth floor before the end of the 16th day, despite having wasted time on various things.

The Island of Beginnings, Rymia.

On the coast, quite a few clans could be seen preparing to set sail or waiting for companions who had not arrived yet.

"It seems not many ships have set sail yet."

"That's a relief. It seems Team 2 hasn't arrived yet, so let's hurry to the mountain."

"Um..."

"You guys follow, too."

Having arrived on the sixth floor, we took the Meiruta Clan with us and climbed the mountain located in the center of the island.

And...

"I could roughly see it from below, but... I don't think I've ever seen so many trees growing here before."

"Everyone, grab your axes."

We began the logging operation in earnest.

After all, the trees that grow here are very expensive.

Normally, everyone cuts them down, so there are only stumps left, but since the Labyrinth had opened after a long time, the trees were dense...

'Anyway, it seems everyone had the same idea.'

There were already quite a few explorers logging in the area.

No wonder I only saw explorers guarding ships or barracks on the coast.

'Still, there's no other group with as many people as us.'

Indeed, the reason we split into two teams to ascend was because of these trees on the sixth floor.

We had agreed that whichever team arrived first would start cutting them down.

They are probably just farming until all their members gather.

SwishвҖ”! SwishвҖ”! CruuuuumbleвҖ”!

And so, we continued to log in earnest, as if competing with the other explorers.

It was enough to make one confused about whether we came into the Labyrinth to explore or to grind...

'Once the Labyrinth fully opens, the price of wood will probably skyrocket.'

It was clearly more profitable than most hunting, so I, my team members, and the 47 volunteers we picked up on the fifth floor all diligently cut down trees.

However, the problem was...

One day, two days, three days, four days...

The number of explorers who came to log increased.

Thanks to them, the speed at which the mountain turned bald accelerated.

Eventually, there were no more trees to cut, and all the explorers left.

"...... Damn it."

...

Team 2 still had not arrived.

People, when given any material, start by imagining.

There might be differences in the scale or method of imagination, but no one doesn't imagine.

In that sense, my current imagination is also valid.

'Five days over the expected arrival date...'

The mobility of Team 1 and Team 2 are not different enough to cause such a time lag.

In other words, something must have happened to Team 2 during their expedition.

The only thing is that I don't know what that something is...

'Could it be...'

My subconscious, accustomed to all sorts of misfortune, naturally brings up the most ominous possibility first.

I wonder if they ran into Raiders.

Weren't there explorers who, like the Meiruta Clan we met on the Fifth Floor, would harbor desires seeing Team 2 operating alone?

"..."

What torments me more is that these imaginings are not baseless delusions.

Isn't that so?

The Meiruta Clan was timid, so they just tried to pass us by.

But would everyone be like them?

What if Team 2 was unlucky and ran into more decisive and bold bastards who weren't afraid of my reputation?

Grind...

This is exactly why I was so harsh with the Captain of the Meiruta Clan.

Because in any situation, I want to eliminate any variable that could threaten me, and us.

So I executed him as an example.

In fact, that was also why I told the Vice-Captain of the Meiruta Clan to spread the word about what happened as much as possible as soon as he left the Labyrinth.

"B-Bjorn...?"

No, that's not it.

My vision has narrowed.

Maybe it wasn't just Raiders they met.

The enemies threatening me include Lee Baekho and Auril Gavis.

Or maybe Noark noticed the Labyrinth opening and secretly sent in their explorers-.

"Bjorn!!"

Someone smashed me on the back, and at the same time, I came to my senses.

"... Misha?"

"Are you finally listening to me now!!"

Ah, she'd been talking to me all along.

"What is it?"

Wanting to continue my thoughts, I quickly asked her business, but Misha only gave an unexpected answer.

"Please! Stop thinking such strange things! They'll be fine!"

"... How can you be so sure?"

"Because I trust them."

"......?"

"Emily, Erwen, Ainar, and the rest... To be honest, I'm a little worried about Mr. Lokrov, but anyway! They're all people who can take care of themselves!"

"No, it's not that I don't trust them-."

"Bjorn, more importantly, I think you're seriously mistaken about something."

"......?"

"We are not your children. We are your companions."

"...... I'll go cool my head."

"Okay, okay. Go on."

Taking Misha's concerned advice, I backed down and left the front of the portal to cool my head for a bit.

However, that didn't make my anxiety go away.

It was only natural.

The reason I meekly followed Misha's advice in the first place was because I needed a quiet place to think, and because I judged it wouldn't be good for me, the Captain, to show such a side in front of the other members-.

"Bjorn!"

I don't know how much time passed since I left Team 1, but Misha called out to me from afar.

"Just how far did you go to cool your head! I was looking for you for a while."

"Go back and tell the team members to prepare to leave."

"... Huh? Prepare to leave?"

Misha tilted her head, not understanding.

I voiced the decision I had made swiftly, yet after careful consideration.

"As soon as the preparations are complete, we will descend to the Fifth Floor. It's better than waiting indefinitely-."

"What are you talking about! There's no need for that!!"

"I'll decide whether it's necessary or not. I don't know what exact situation Team 2 is in right now, but if they're being chased by someone, or hiding somewhere to avoid being seen, then we need to go help right now-"

"No, Team 2 came up a little while ago, you idiot!!"

"... What?"

For a moment, my mind went blank.

Seeing me like that, Misha quickly explained the parts I would have been most curious about.

"First, they're all safe! They said they were late because they entered a Fourth Floor Rift and came back!!"

"......"

"Geez, that's why I told you! That nothing would happen!"

For a moment, I felt relieved that everyone was safe, but then I felt an indescribable emotion and ran toward the portal... toward where Team 2 would be.

"... Huh? Hey, I'm talking to you, where are you suddenly going!"

As the portal grew closer, I could see the members of Team 2 gathered in front of it.

Amelia seemed to be calmly explaining the situation to the other members, while Ainar next to her was swaggering and boasting about what she had obtained.

Only then did I realize what that indescribable emotion was.

It was a slight annoyance.

However, I myself couldn't understand the reason for this feeling.

"... Ah, Yandel? You're here. I heard you were very worried because we were late."

As soon as I ran up, panting, and stood before them, Amelia spoke in a slightly teasing voice.

Erwen was the same.

"Hehe, it's the Old Man! Were you very worried?"

Even hearing those welcoming words, I didn't open my mouth.

I felt that if I uttered even a single word, this emotion would leak out.

No, has it already come out?

"Emily... why were you so late?"

"Ah, did you not hear from Karlstein? A Fourth-Floor Rift opened right in front of us, and after discussing it with the team, we entered."

"......"

"But wasn't this already discussed? That from the Fourth Floor and up, we would enter Rifts if we could."

That's right.

That is true.

That's why even though Team 2 was a few days late, the other team members comforted me by saying such things.

In fact, they did what I, the Captain, should have been doing.

However, the problem is...

"Still. Isn't it too late?"

It's probably me.

"... What?"

"At your level, it shouldn't have taken five days to clear a Fourth-Floor Rift...?"

"It's true that it took a bit more time to proceed safely. But are you blaming us for that now?"

Amelia, sharply noticing the subtle emotion mixed in my question, furrowed her brow, and only then did my mind clear.

The problem was clearly with me.

No, to be precise...

"Yandel... what on earth is making you so impatient?"

Something went wrong with my head.

***

Day 21 in the Labyrinth.

After arriving on the Sixth Floor, there was a small incident, but we wrapped it up well and finally set our ship to sea and departed.

Ah, for reference, we parted ways with the Meiruta Clan here.

"We've finally set sail..."

"It seems the Royal Family is also getting ready to leave, huh?"

Looking at the coast, the expeditionary force organized by the Royal Family was just now setting their warships to sea one by one, and seeing this made my stomach churn for no reason.

'Looks like they'll finish departing by tomorrow too.'

In terms of time alone, it feels like there's something to be desired.

Despite moving so quickly, to think we only managed to set sail just one day earlier than the slow-moving expeditionary force.

In fact, around the island, aside from a few ships launched by small clans, there were only the Royal Family's warships.

"We're a bit later than planned, but don't worry about it too much. We did a lot of logging, and we cleared a Rift."

As if my feelings were plain to see, Amelia came up beside me and spoke comfortingly.

But maybe it's because of what happened earlier?

There's still a slightly awkward atmosphere between us.

Both I and Amelia are still holding back from talking about the incident from a little while ago.

"Yes, that's right! In a way, we earned more than we would have by hunting for five days, right? Don't worry about it too much, Old Man!"

Hah.

But for even Erwen to be this worried.

What on earth am I doing?

While I suddenly feel pathetic, I also think that I need to get a grip from now on.

And to do that, I'll have to solve the problem in my head first.

Swoooosh-

I went out onto the deck, felt the cool sea breeze, watched the parting waves, and reflected on myself.

The me from a little while ago was not like me at all.

No, thinking about it, it's been like this since the Meiruta Clan incident.

It's as if one of the gears that make up my mind has broken.

Emotion precedes reason, and I become more sensitive and aggressive than necessary.

It's fine usually, but the moment a button is pushed, I change like that.

'Am I too stressed...'

Looked at simply, that could be it, but it wasn't a problem to be taken lightly.

Because if a commander loses their reason and acts emotionally, the entire group suffers the consequences.

In fact, someone could even get hurt because of this problem.

But how do I fix something like this?

There's no psychiatrist here, so do I have to perform physical therapy on myself?

Just as I was thinking that.

"Yandel."

"Ah, Emily..."

"It's alright. It's only natural."

It seemed Amelia had a rough idea of why I was having a problem with my head.

Well, she is a sharp woman.

"......"

"......"

Silence continued after that, but it wasn't awkward like before.

I wonder how much time passed like that.

'Ah, by the way, I still haven't asked about this.'

Well, after that conversation earlier, it became awkward, so I didn't even bring up the topic.

Suddenly remembering, I asked Amelia.

"By the way, what was the Rift you entered on the Fourth Floor?"

"... It was the DoppelgГӨnger Forest."

"...... Is that so? A pity it wasn't the Golden Ruins."

"I heard you told Raven it would definitely be the DoppelgГӨnger Forest?"

That was because I didn't think our team would be the one going in.

"......"

Hah, is this why people should have a kind heart?

***

Day 29 in the Labyrinth.

It was the ninth day since we began our voyage from the Island of Beginnings - Rymia.

Our ship, which had been crossing the sea without stopping at a single island, anchored at an island.

It was the first destination on our expedition route.

Of course, since our schedule was delayed by five days, I considered just skipping it, but...

'It seems a bit of a waste to do that.

It's also on the way.'

Well, we can just take care of it as quickly as possible and leave.

"Ugh... I'd heard about it, but it's much more gloomy than I thought. To think the entire island is made of bone..."

"Oooooh!! It's that island! Skull Island!"

"The official name is Catacomb, Miss Fenelin."

Skull Island, Catacomb.

In reality, this is my first time coming to this island, but the island and I have a strange connection.

When I first went to the Ghost Busters, Skull Island was among the information I sold to earn GP, and I also spread information related to Skull Island at the Round Table...

"Um... Captain?"

Just as I was about to get off the ship, Sven Parab approached me.

"Do you happen to know? They say if you defeat the boss monster of Skull Island and reach the Tenth Floor, you can have some kind of special experience..."

Heh, as expected of a member of the Round Table.

That's the information I spread.

I pretended not to know and opened my mouth.

"A special experience?"

"Yes. I don't know the details either, but according to a reliable source, there is such a thing. Of course, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor this time, but I thought you should know..."

"Is that so? I'll keep it in mind. Though as you said, we won't be going to the Tenth Floor."

After finishing the conversation and entering the island, Belleg, who had gotten off the ship first, approached me and relayed information.

"There are guests here before us."

"Guests..."

I had expected this to some extent.

Right now, every floor of the Labyrinth is like a gold mine.

It's not just this island; things like this are probably happening all over the Great Sea.

Where there's treasure, there are always competitors.

"How many are there?"

"I'm not sure about that... but it's certain that at least one clan was here on this island first. Look over there. They even left their clan's flag at the entrance for all to see."

"I can guess what they're like."

"It seems to be an implicit warning not to enter since they came first... What will you do?"

What do you mean, what will I do? We took the precious time to even dock the ship, so we have to at least look around before we go.

Still, before just barging in, I checked first.

"Adnus, is that emblem the one for the Golden Tree Clan?"

"It is. The one whose Captain is 'Golden Ghost', one of the Seven Peaks."

I wondered if it was them after seeing the emblem, and it really is.

The Golden Tree Clan was a clan I had heard of and knew well.

For one, the clan's Captain is a member of the Seven Peaks, to which Erwen and Ainar belong...

"Huh? Golden Tree? If it's that clan, then surely...!"

Seeing Misha's glance as if asking for confirmation, I nodded.

"That's right."

It's the clan the Bear Uncle belongs to.

The Ten Great Clans, the Five Great Clans, the Four Great Clans...

In the past, the famous large clans of the time were grouped and called by such names, but now, that culture has quietly faded away.

It happened naturally as numerous clans disappeared and merged during the several years of chaotic times...

In any case, even amidst such a period of upheaval, there was a clan that showed tremendous growth and began to make a new name for itself.

The Golden Tree Clan.

Until a few years ago, it was a clan where only the Captain was famous, but it was said to have shown great skill during the war, absorbing and merging several clans to grow significantly.

Raven's assessment of that clan was as follows.

"The Golden Tree Clan? Hmm, I heard they were quite active during the war, but to me, it feels like they only chose the easy battlefields. Still, their forces seem pretty well-equipped... If I had to say, they're probably worthy of the lowest seat among the old Ten Great Clans."

"Adnus, what do you think?"

"There's a lot of talk about them in many ways, but it's undeniable that they possess considerable power. Ah, I heard they are quite close with political and financial figures. They supposedly have some connection with Count Alminus, and... they seem to be soul partners with our guild's third Regional Chief."

"Is that so..."

According to the information the Guild Master gave me, the Golden Tree Clan had a total of 90 members enter the Labyrinth this time, which was the fourth-largest number among all the clans.

That meant the Royal Family and the Guild had backed them.

Otherwise, there was no way they would have been assigned so many people.

"But what does it mean that there's a lot of talk about them in many ways?"

"From time to time, we hear of internal discord. They say the members are worked to the bone... but there haven't been any insiders who have actually testified or exposed this. It means they keep a very tight lid on things."

"Worked to the bone, huh..."

Could this be related to why Bear Uncle looked so grim when he spoke of his clan back then?

"Still, it's not like there are no good reviews. No, rather, there are far more good ones. They say the pay is solid, and instead of selling Essences, they give them to their members, caring a lot about their growth."

Hmm, indeed...

What the Guild Master said seems to be true.

Last time I saw him, Bear Uncle had also acquired many new Essences, and as a result, he had apparently been promoted to the Third Rank.

"Abman. He's okay, right...?"

Even after hearing the same story, Misha showed a worried expression, while Ainar was simply thrilled at the fact that she could meet Bear Uncle on this island.

"Let's go in quickly! To meet Urakburak here, this must be a sign of Luck!"

Well, it doesn't quite feel like a sign of Luck to me...

"So what are you going to do, Yandel?"

"What do you mean, what am I going to do? Of course, we have to go in."

"I see. Understood."

When I stated my intentions clearly, Amelia made a slightly peculiar expression.

Should I say it felt like she had something to say but was holding it back?

"Spit it out. What is it?"

"... If you happen to meet 'Golden Ghost', it would be best not to underestimate him."

At Amelia's words, my head tilted unknowingly.

To think she would give such advice, knowing my personality of tapping even a stone bridge before crossing.

"Do you know something about him?"

I asked Amelia for more, but she said she had never met him herself.

I could only hear about the rumors and his past actions, and with that, my questions about this 'Golden Ghost' fellow grew larger.

'Just what kind of guy is he to warrant this?'

Well, I'll find out when I meet

Chapter 795: Skull Island (2)

The Hidden Piece of Skull Island is extremely simple.

If you keep roaming the map and hunting, you can encounter a monster called the 'Keykeeper' at a very low probability.

ItвҖҷs a sort of Mid-boss, but itвҖҷs not that strong.

It belongs to the Fourth Rank, but just barely.

In terms of Combat Power alone, itвҖҷs closer to the upper tier of the Fifth Rank.

Anyway, if you cast the 'Distortion' spell on this creature, hunt it, and obtain the 'key,' you can open the cave in the center of the island.

And....

'If you kill everything and go all the way to the end, the Boss Room will appear.'

This creature, known as the head of Skull Island, is actually quite difficult.

Its Rank itself is only Third Rank, but only one team can enter the Boss Room.

This means a full expedition-sized Raid is impossible....

'Its patterns are quite tricky, too.'

In the early days, the Ghost Busters sold information about Skull Island, and that information was none other than the Strategy Guide for the Boss fight.

I wonder if she took it down? That wo......

Come to think of it, I donвҖҷt think I saw her nickname anywhere after that, not on the forums or in question posts, right up until the Ghost Busters shut down...

Well, itвҖҷs not something I need to worry about right now.

"Mr. Yandel, are you sure this is okay?"

"Hm? What do you mean?"

"This situation. You were so certain that we would be the first to enter the cave, but we haven't seen a single trace of that Keykeeper yet."

Ah, that?

ItвҖҷs true, it's been two days and we haven't seen one.

That's a little disappointing.

But...

"Just wait. We will be the first to enter."

I never intended to use the standard Strategy Guide in the first place.

It makes sense, doesn't it? What are the chances that our twelve members could find the key faster than a group of ninety people by just roaming the island?

The source of my confidence was something else.

On this island, there's a way to get the key with certaintyвҖ”.

"Phew, I finally found it. My luck is just terrible."

To think it would only appear after two days, when we've almost uncovered the entire map.

It showed up so late that I was honestly getting a little scared.

Well, thankfully, it seems luck isn't on their side either, since they haven't opened the cave yet.

Crunch, crunch.

I moved forward, crushing the bone fragments that covered the ground.

It was a geographical feature of Skull Island.

This island is completely covered with all kinds of bones, regardless of whether they are from humans or monsters.

And the important thing here is...

'That there is a special skull among them.'

Just like this one.

I soon approached the skull I had been looking for and glanced down at it for a moment.

It was a size more suited for a boulder than a skull.

However, a skull of this size is common on this island, so it doesn't really stand out.

'Two horns and a square jaw.'

After confirming all its features, I raised my hammer, and that's when Raven spoke up.

"This skull... it looks like the Keykeeper's, doesn't it?"

"... Hm? It doesn't look like it at all."

"No. It does. I happen to have an anatomical chart with me..."

"Why would you have something like that?"

"I heard we might be going to Skull Island, so I did some research. Anyway, look! Don't they look alike?"

"... It does look similar."

In fact, it wasn't just similar; it was identical.

"Could it be that other explorers cast 'Distortion' on it, hunted it, and then left it behind? The Great Sea doesn't reset every time the Labyrinth opens and closes like the other floors, right?"

Hmm, well...

It's true that the Sixth Floor doesn't reset, so that could be possible...

But then, shouldn't there be several of these skulls scattered around the island?

Why is there always only one?

My curiosity as an Explorer actually living in this world suddenly reared its head, but..

"I'm not really interested in that sort of thing."

With the mind of a player, I just accepted it and moved on.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

A Gamer doesn't understand the Phenomenon.

They simply use it.

Just like now.

Only one thing was important to me.

Crack-!

The fact that you can get the key by destroying a specific type of skull in the center of Skull Island.

"Belleg, lead the way to the cave."

Having obtained the key, we quickly moved toward the center of the island.

As I chuckled during our journey, Raven asked.

"What are you thinking about that's making you grin like that?"

"I wasn't thinking about anything."

I wonder what kind of face that 'Golden Ghost' bastard will make when I show up with the key?

***

When we arrived at the cave entrance, it was empty except for one team that looked like they were on guard.

They tilted their heads as they watched us approach, then became noticeably flustered when they saw us heading toward the cave entrance.

"D-did you perhaps find the key?"

"What about it?"

"......"

"Move."

"W-wait! Could you please wait just a moment?"

As I postured as if I were about to open the cave and go inside right away, they desperately tried to hold me back.

It was a situation I had more or less expected, but I pretended not to know and scowled.

"Why should I wait? It looks like you haven't found the key yet, but I have. Therefore, we have the right to challenge that cave first. I'm sure that was our agreement, wasn't it?"

"Oh, yes. You're absolutely right. But... just a moment! If you could just wait a little bit, would it be possible for you to meet and talk with our captain?"

"Hmm... I'll give you ten minutes."

"Yes...? Ten minutes... you say?"

"Why, do you have a problem with that?"

"No, no! Of course not. Thank you for giving us this chance!"

As soon as the conversation ended, the most agile-looking member of his team immediately ran off somewhere.

I wonder how much time passed after that.

Finally, having received the message, 'Golden Ghost' appeared.

The time it took was about eight minutes.

'It seems he wasn't hunting, just bossing people around nearby.'

Well, command is a matter of personal style, so I have no intention of debating it.

I prefer to be on the ground with my team.

"Phew... I've heard the story. Thank you for waiting. You've found the key?"

"What of it? Are you planning to stop me?"

When I snapped at him sharply, Golden Ghost waved his hands and shook his head.

"No, of course not. I was just hoping to make a deal with you, Viscount. As I said, thank you for at least giving me the chance."

What a funny guy.

I haven't even said I'd accept his offer, yet he's thanking me in advance.

"Enough, just say it. The clock is ticking. As you know, time is gold in the Labyrinth."

"Yes. Since you put it that way, I'll get straight to the point. Could you tell me the amount you desire?"

"... Are you asking for the key?"

"No. We also obtained a key thirty minutes ago, so we don't need yours. I'm only asking to buy the chance to go first. Of course, if we fail, you can go next, Viscount."

Is it because his nickname is 'Golden Ghost'? As soon as things go wrong, he immediately brings out money.

"But saying that, you and I both know. Whoever goes first will succeed on their first try.вҖқ

"So, would you tell me? The amount you want?"

"No, why do you keep asking for an amount?"

"You have to tell meвҖ”"

"If I ask for ten billion Stone, will you give it to me?"

"......"

See? You'd be speechless.

"Just be blunt. Tell me the maximum amount you can offer. Then I'll listen and think about it. But let me say this in advance, don't try to negotiate by raising it bit by bit. I hate troublesome things."

"How about four hundred million Stone?"

"Just selling the chief's Essence would get me five hundred million."

"But there's no guarantee that the Essence will drop."

Hmm, that's true.

To be honest, if someone offered me that money to enter the cave, I'd never go.

Because if the boss doesn't drop an Essence, it's a guaranteed loss.

'Still, it feels like he really did offer his maximum amount.'

While we were talking, he must have sent out a message, because the members of the Golden Tree Clan who were scattered across the island began to gather.

"So, what will you do?"

"Hmm..."

I pretended to think for a moment before answering.

"I'll accept the deal."

"Oh, a truly wiseвҖ”"

"On one condition: you hand over Abman Urikfrit to us."

"......?вҖқ

At my following words, Golden Ghost's expression changed completely.

From a wide smile to that of a hunter who has discovered something.

"I am aware of the connection between you two... but it seems your friendship is still quite strong, isn't it?"

"Someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

"Haha, you are absolutely right."

"So, what's your answer?"

"I refuse. As you said, someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

Hah, trust?

A guy like that let Bear Uncle be treated like that in his clan?

I felt like flicking him on his grinning forehead, but as an intelligent man from the modern era, I barely held back.

Just then, he was about to say something more.

"Besides, someone like Mr. Urikfrit, who knows how to sacrifice for the group, is even rarer."

This bastard....

He's threatening me right now, isn't he?

Implying he'll treat Bear Uncle like a dog from now on, only giving him dangerous jobs.

"Ha....."

With superhuman patience, I held back one more time and spoke to him.

"Alright. Forget the money. Just hand over Abman. Then we'll give up on that caveвҖ”"

"I'm sorry, but that's also difficult."

"... What?"

"Considering the amount Mr. Urikfrit has borrowed, the extra cost would be greater than the main prize."

"What...?"

Just how much did he borrow for him to say the extra cost is greater than the main prize in a four-hundred-million-Stone deal?

I couldn't know, but the negotiation ended there.

"Then we'll pay the differenceвҖ”."

"No, we will not be breaking our contract with Mr. Urikfrit."

"......"

"Then please, go ahead. Viscount."

As if he had no lingering regrets.

No, rather, watching Golden Ghost turn his back with a flick, looking like someone in a good mood, I gritted my teeth.

[Open the cave before the Golden Tree Clan.]

Although the Main Quest was a success...

[Rescue Bear Uncle from the evil clan.]

...

The Sub Quest has failed.

***

The entrance to the cave was made of a giant skull.

It had a feel that would be perfect for a Jurassic Park-themed amusement park.

The structure involved entering through its open jaws, and inside, there was an iron door with a single keyhole.

[GrooooooooooowlвҖ”!]

When I pushed the key in and turned it to the right, the eerie and intimidating roar of a beast echoed throughout the island.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going in?"

As I gazed beyond the open door, I briefly turned my head to check outside the cave and my eyes met with that Golden Ghost bastard, who was watching from outside.

'...

Is he smiling?'

He really is a disagreeable guy in so many ways.

I can't even tell what he's thinking.

"Mr. Yandel?"

Phew, yes, for now, it's best to clear the Main Quest first.

"I got it, so stop rushing me."

Leaving behind an unexplainable sense of unease, I stepped into the cave.

And....

ThudвҖ”!

The entrance closed with a loud sound.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsвҖ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]" >
<meta name="twitter:description" content="Chapter 795: Skull Island (2)

The Hidden Piece of Skull Island is extremely simple.

If you keep roaming the map and hunting, you can encounter a monster called the 'Keykeeper' at a very low probability.

ItвҖҷs a sort of Mid-boss, but itвҖҷs not that strong.

It belongs to the Fourth Rank, but just barely.

In terms of Combat Power alone, itвҖҷs closer to the upper tier of the Fifth Rank.

Anyway, if you cast the 'Distortion' spell on this creature, hunt it, and obtain the 'key,' you can open the cave in the center of the island.

And....

'If you kill everything and go all the way to the end, the Boss Room will appear.'

This creature, known as the head of Skull Island, is actually quite difficult.

Its Rank itself is only Third Rank, but only one team can enter the Boss Room.

This means a full expedition-sized Raid is impossible....

'Its patterns are quite tricky, too.'

In the early days, the Ghost Busters sold information about Skull Island, and that information was none other than the Strategy Guide for the Boss fight.

I wonder if she took it down? That wo......

Come to think of it, I donвҖҷt think I saw her nickname anywhere after that, not on the forums or in question posts, right up until the Ghost Busters shut down...

Well, itвҖҷs not something I need to worry about right now.

"Mr. Yandel, are you sure this is okay?"

"Hm? What do you mean?"

"This situation. You were so certain that we would be the first to enter the cave, but we haven't seen a single trace of that Keykeeper yet."

Ah, that?

ItвҖҷs true, it's been two days and we haven't seen one.

That's a little disappointing.

But...

"Just wait. We will be the first to enter."

I never intended to use the standard Strategy Guide in the first place.

It makes sense, doesn't it? What are the chances that our twelve members could find the key faster than a group of ninety people by just roaming the island?

The source of my confidence was something else.

On this island, there's a way to get the key with certaintyвҖ”.

"Phew, I finally found it. My luck is just terrible."

To think it would only appear after two days, when we've almost uncovered the entire map.

It showed up so late that I was honestly getting a little scared.

Well, thankfully, it seems luck isn't on their side either, since they haven't opened the cave yet.

Crunch, crunch.

I moved forward, crushing the bone fragments that covered the ground.

It was a geographical feature of Skull Island.

This island is completely covered with all kinds of bones, regardless of whether they are from humans or monsters.

And the important thing here is...

'That there is a special skull among them.'

Just like this one.

I soon approached the skull I had been looking for and glanced down at it for a moment.

It was a size more suited for a boulder than a skull.

However, a skull of this size is common on this island, so it doesn't really stand out.

'Two horns and a square jaw.'

After confirming all its features, I raised my hammer, and that's when Raven spoke up.

"This skull... it looks like the Keykeeper's, doesn't it?"

"... Hm? It doesn't look like it at all."

"No. It does. I happen to have an anatomical chart with me..."

"Why would you have something like that?"

"I heard we might be going to Skull Island, so I did some research. Anyway, look! Don't they look alike?"

"... It does look similar."

In fact, it wasn't just similar; it was identical.

"Could it be that other explorers cast 'Distortion' on it, hunted it, and then left it behind? The Great Sea doesn't reset every time the Labyrinth opens and closes like the other floors, right?"

Hmm, well...

It's true that the Sixth Floor doesn't reset, so that could be possible...

But then, shouldn't there be several of these skulls scattered around the island?

Why is there always only one?

My curiosity as an Explorer actually living in this world suddenly reared its head, but..

"I'm not really interested in that sort of thing."

With the mind of a player, I just accepted it and moved on.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

A Gamer doesn't understand the Phenomenon.

They simply use it.

Just like now.

Only one thing was important to me.

Crack-!

The fact that you can get the key by destroying a specific type of skull in the center of Skull Island.

"Belleg, lead the way to the cave."

Having obtained the key, we quickly moved toward the center of the island.

As I chuckled during our journey, Raven asked.

"What are you thinking about that's making you grin like that?"

"I wasn't thinking about anything."

I wonder what kind of face that 'Golden Ghost' bastard will make when I show up with the key?

***

When we arrived at the cave entrance, it was empty except for one team that looked like they were on guard.

They tilted their heads as they watched us approach, then became noticeably flustered when they saw us heading toward the cave entrance.

"D-did you perhaps find the key?"

"What about it?"

"......"

"Move."

"W-wait! Could you please wait just a moment?"

As I postured as if I were about to open the cave and go inside right away, they desperately tried to hold me back.

It was a situation I had more or less expected, but I pretended not to know and scowled.

"Why should I wait? It looks like you haven't found the key yet, but I have. Therefore, we have the right to challenge that cave first. I'm sure that was our agreement, wasn't it?"

"Oh, yes. You're absolutely right. But... just a moment! If you could just wait a little bit, would it be possible for you to meet and talk with our captain?"

"Hmm... I'll give you ten minutes."

"Yes...? Ten minutes... you say?"

"Why, do you have a problem with that?"

"No, no! Of course not. Thank you for giving us this chance!"

As soon as the conversation ended, the most agile-looking member of his team immediately ran off somewhere.

I wonder how much time passed after that.

Finally, having received the message, 'Golden Ghost' appeared.

The time it took was about eight minutes.

'It seems he wasn't hunting, just bossing people around nearby.'

Well, command is a matter of personal style, so I have no intention of debating it.

I prefer to be on the ground with my team.

"Phew... I've heard the story. Thank you for waiting. You've found the key?"

"What of it? Are you planning to stop me?"

When I snapped at him sharply, Golden Ghost waved his hands and shook his head.

"No, of course not. I was just hoping to make a deal with you, Viscount. As I said, thank you for at least giving me the chance."

What a funny guy.

I haven't even said I'd accept his offer, yet he's thanking me in advance.

"Enough, just say it. The clock is ticking. As you know, time is gold in the Labyrinth."

"Yes. Since you put it that way, I'll get straight to the point. Could you tell me the amount you desire?"

"... Are you asking for the key?"

"No. We also obtained a key thirty minutes ago, so we don't need yours. I'm only asking to buy the chance to go first. Of course, if we fail, you can go next, Viscount."

Is it because his nickname is 'Golden Ghost'? As soon as things go wrong, he immediately brings out money.

"But saying that, you and I both know. Whoever goes first will succeed on their first try.вҖқ

"So, would you tell me? The amount you want?"

"No, why do you keep asking for an amount?"

"You have to tell meвҖ”"

"If I ask for ten billion Stone, will you give it to me?"

"......"

See? You'd be speechless.

"Just be blunt. Tell me the maximum amount you can offer. Then I'll listen and think about it. But let me say this in advance, don't try to negotiate by raising it bit by bit. I hate troublesome things."

"How about four hundred million Stone?"

"Just selling the chief's Essence would get me five hundred million."

"But there's no guarantee that the Essence will drop."

Hmm, that's true.

To be honest, if someone offered me that money to enter the cave, I'd never go.

Because if the boss doesn't drop an Essence, it's a guaranteed loss.

'Still, it feels like he really did offer his maximum amount.'

While we were talking, he must have sent out a message, because the members of the Golden Tree Clan who were scattered across the island began to gather.

"So, what will you do?"

"Hmm..."

I pretended to think for a moment before answering.

"I'll accept the deal."

"Oh, a truly wiseвҖ”"

"On one condition: you hand over Abman Urikfrit to us."

"......?вҖқ

At my following words, Golden Ghost's expression changed completely.

From a wide smile to that of a hunter who has discovered something.

"I am aware of the connection between you two... but it seems your friendship is still quite strong, isn't it?"

"Someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

"Haha, you are absolutely right."

"So, what's your answer?"

"I refuse. As you said, someone you can trust in the Labyrinth is a rare find."

Hah, trust?

A guy like that let Bear Uncle be treated like that in his clan?

I felt like flicking him on his grinning forehead, but as an intelligent man from the modern era, I barely held back.

Just then, he was about to say something more.

"Besides, someone like Mr. Urikfrit, who knows how to sacrifice for the group, is even rarer."

This bastard....

He's threatening me right now, isn't he?

Implying he'll treat Bear Uncle like a dog from now on, only giving him dangerous jobs.

"Ha....."

With superhuman patience, I held back one more time and spoke to him.

"Alright. Forget the money. Just hand over Abman. Then we'll give up on that caveвҖ”"

"I'm sorry, but that's also difficult."

"... What?"

"Considering the amount Mr. Urikfrit has borrowed, the extra cost would be greater than the main prize."

"What...?"

Just how much did he borrow for him to say the extra cost is greater than the main prize in a four-hundred-million-Stone deal?

I couldn't know, but the negotiation ended there.

"Then we'll pay the differenceвҖ”."

"No, we will not be breaking our contract with Mr. Urikfrit."

"......"

"Then please, go ahead. Viscount."

As if he had no lingering regrets.

No, rather, watching Golden Ghost turn his back with a flick, looking like someone in a good mood, I gritted my teeth.

[Open the cave before the Golden Tree Clan.]

Although the Main Quest was a success...

[Rescue Bear Uncle from the evil clan.]

...

The Sub Quest has failed.

***

The entrance to the cave was made of a giant skull.

It had a feel that would be perfect for a Jurassic Park-themed amusement park.

The structure involved entering through its open jaws, and inside, there was an iron door with a single keyhole.

[GrooooooooooowlвҖ”!]

When I pushed the key in and turned it to the right, the eerie and intimidating roar of a beast echoed throughout the island.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going in?"

As I gazed beyond the open door, I briefly turned my head to check outside the cave and my eyes met with that Golden Ghost bastard, who was watching from outside.

'...

Is he smiling?'

He really is a disagreeable guy in so many ways.

I can't even tell what he's thinking.

"Mr. Yandel?"

Phew, yes, for now, it's best to clear the Main Quest first.

"I got it, so stop rushing me."

Leaving behind an unexplainable sense of unease, I stepped into the cave.

And....

ThudвҖ”!

The entrance closed with a loud sound.

--- Chapter 796 ---

Chapter 796: Skull Island (3)

The moment the cave door closed, sealing us off from the outside.

Fwoosh-!

The candles on the sconces lining the walls lit up all at once, widening our field of vision.

Ah, not that the entire space became bright.

About ten meters ahead, it was still pitch blackГўВҖВҰ

"Rieite."

Raven shot a Light Orb into the darkness and wore a fascinated expression.

"Oh, it really isn't lighting up. The magic hasn't been cut off since the mana is being maintained."

Raven seemed quite curious about the principle behind it, but I felt no particular interest.

I'm a player, not a scholar.

It's ridiculous to search for the reason behind a field effect, isn't it?

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a special zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe field effect - Catacomb is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAdvanced Wound Aggravation has been inflicted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhen a monster is defeated within this area, one random stat will decrease by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe countdown has been removed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢOnly the Light of the Dead can vanquish the darkness.ГЈВҖВҚ

Inside this cave, neither Light Spells nor torches, nor anything else for that matter, could illuminate the darkness.

Because of the keyword ГўВҖВҳLight of the DeadГўВҖВҷ, I had tried using Dark Magic or similar items, but they had all failed.

Therefore, the only things that could serve as a light source were the torches attached to the walls.

Of course, those torches didn't extend all the way to the other side, but that wasn't a problem.

Because the monsters were starting to appear.

"Ooh! There's a Skull Head over there!"

"Wait! Hold on, Ainar."

I quickly stopped Ainar, who was about to charge forward the moment she saw the monster.

"Huh? What's wrong, Bjorn?"

"From now on, Iria Adnus will defeat every monster that appears."

Ainar still looked confused, but the Guild Master herself was different.

With just those words, she understood the whole situation and chuckled.

"So you intend to offer me as a sacrifice."

"What sacrifice? It's not like you're going to die."

"I understand. I shall gladly sacrifice myself."

Come on, we all know what's going on here.

Is she talking about sacrifices just to make it seem like a bigger deal?

I couldn't tell, but Iria Adnus drew her sword.

"A sword...? Wasn't she an archer?"

Well, she does use a bow.

To be precise, she's a hybrid.

Her skill set isn't heavily influenced by her weapon.

Swish-!

The Guild Master approached the monsters walking out of the darkness and defeated four of them in a single clash.

It wasn't particularly surprising.

The average rank of the weaker monsters here is around seven.

The hunt itself isn't difficult.

It's just that there's a price to pay afterward.

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Natural Regeneration has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Strength has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Flexibility has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Fire Resistance has decreased by 1%...ГЈВҖВҚ

In this place, the more weaker monsters you kill, the more your stats decrease.

However, you can't just ignore them and pass by.

Fwoosh-!

"Oh! More lights just turned on over there!"

The Catacomb was designed so that you can only advance by continuously killing monsters.

"I can't feel much else, but I can definitely feel this. To think my strength would decrease from the very beginning."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

It was Raven who answered Ainar's question.

"Here, every time you defeat a monster, a random detailed stat decreases."

"A detailed stat...? What's that?"

"The ones you get from Essences or Gabrielius's arrangements. Things like Strength, Agility, or resistance stats."

"... Yikes? Those decrease?"

As Ainar, who had been about to charge at the sight of a monster, recoiled in disgust, the Guild Master gave a bitter smile.

"Still, someone has to make the sacrifice, wouldn't you say?"

"... I respect you, Adnus...! To endure something like that for your comrades! You are a trustworthy warrior!"

"... Haha, thank you."

To me, it looked like a farce.

'What sacrifice? It's not like it's permanent.'

The moment you leave this area, all the stacked penalties disappear at once.

Well, it's not a complete freebie, though.

"You might be fine now, but you should prepare yourself. From what I've heard from people who have been here, they all said it was a terrible experience they never want to go through again."

"True, losing one's abilities and becoming no different from an ordinary person must feel incredibly empty."

"Yes. Though we mages wouldn't really know."

"Huh? Then can't the mages just kill them?"

Misha, who had been listening to their conversation, expressed her doubt, and Raven averted her gaze.

"... I heard mages lose their mana."

"Huh? Then can't mages feel the same way...?"

"..."

Faced with Misha's logic, Raven said nothing.

It was a very rare sight.

Misha had silenced Raven with logic.

"Enough chatting. Let's get going."

It was a rather amusing scene, but as the leader, I couldn't just stand by and watch them waste time, so I cut it short and we continued our journey.

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Fire Resistance has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Fighting Spirit has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Soul Power has decreased by 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus's Soul Power has decreased by 1%...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ...ГЈВҖВҚ

As the fight continued and the Guild Master's kill count increased, her complexion grew steadily worse.

The Guild Master who used to kill four monsters at once with a single slash was now struggling to kill them one by one, with much more effort than before.

This was also the reason I couldn't assign this role to Auyen.

You need to have decent stats for this strategy.

"Bjorn. How about we help her out...? She looks like she's struggling. All the Guild Master needs to do is get the kill, right?"

Ainar suggested, but I shook my head firmly.

"Just watch."

It's better to have no variables.

If someone accidentally landed the last hit while helping, half the reason for coming here would disappear.

So, this was the only thing I could do for the struggling Guild Master.

"Hoo...."

"Good work. Let's keep moving."

Choosing the right path to shorten the route as much as possible.

"This way."

The Catacomb is not a straight corridor.

It has a maze-like structure, similar to the Crystal Cave, and if you get lost here, your stats will be shattered, and you won't be able to fight the boss.

Well, it doesn't matter if you're an expedition-sized party that can offer many sacrifices.

"There's a door over there!"

"Oh! Did we finally make it!"

"What's that thing in front of us?"

Anyway, the dungeon crawl continued, and we finally reached the room before the boss.

'Was it 317... '

The total number of monsters the Guild Master had killed to get here was 317.

'Okay, it's over 300, so the condition has been met...'

Without a second thought, I immediately started the battle with the Gatekeeper.

***

Defeating the mid-boss was quite troublesome.

Honestly, if we just wanted to kill it, a single fully-charged arrow from Erwen would have been enough...

But if we did that, it would cause problems in the next chapter.

Therefore...

"... Adnus! Kill it quickly!"

"Ugh. I'm trying! But I've been cursed so many times..."

"I get it, so hurry up!"

We carefully proceeded with the hunt until only a sliver of health remained for the last hit, and once the mid-boss was on its last legs, we held it in place so the Guild Master could deliver the final blow.

And the result.

ГЈВҖВҢGravekeeper, Alleton, has been defeated.

EXP +6ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAdvanced Mutant Defeat Bonus.

EXP +1ГЈВҖВҚ

Finally, the Guild Master succeeded in landing the last hit, and the mid-boss dissolved into light.

By the way, there was a small hidden piece here as well.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Cursed One has defeated the Gravekeeper.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Curse of the Restless Spirit will not spread.ГЈВҖВҚ

Normally, when the Gravekeeper is defeated, the debuffs of the character who has accumulated the most are shared with everyone.

So, the standard strategy was for everyone to take turns killing monsters until the mid-boss to reduce the curse stacks.

In fact, when I sold information in the past, this was the method I told them.

Of course, that woman didn't even know about the existence of the 'hidden boss'.

There was no reason to tell her that if one person took all the hits to get the 'Cursed One' status, the curse wouldn't spread.

"No Essence dropped."

"That's a shame."

"A shame? It's a trash Essence anyway."

"But it would still sell, wouldn't it? Since it's rare. And it would have research value."

Ah, come to think of it, she did like things like that.

"Whatever, let's just go in."

We then entered the space beyond the door that had opened after defeating the Gatekeeper.

"There's nothing here?"

"That's because twelve people have already entered."

The overall design of the cave is similar to the island.

Walls, ceiling, floor.

Everywhere you look, it's made of skulls.

Even the sconces on the walls were skulls with candles lit inside.

That geographical design was similar in the boss room.

The only unique feature was that the wall at the very front was decorated with a monster's skull, far larger than the one we saw at the cave entrance...

"Ooh! Raven! What kind of monster is that back there? It looks incredibly strong!"

"I wonder. I'm not sure. There aren't many monsters of that size in the Labyrinth... Maybe it's not a monster?"

"Hmm... That's a shame, then! I really wanted to fight it someday!"

A vast cavern.

We slowly advanced forward in formation.

"Erwen, begin."

"Yes."

At my command, Erwen closed her eyes and began to concentrate, and I kept my eyes fixed on her.

ГЈВҖВҢAll accumulated energy has been consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAn unknown energy now resides in the empty vessel.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment [Chaos Circuit] activated.

"Now. Everyone, get out."

With my words, everyone except the pre-selected members quickly left the boss room.

Me, Amelia, Ainar, Misha, Erwen, and the Guild Master.

This was the group that would be fighting the boss...

Actually, I didn't choose them because they were elite, but because they were the ones I wanted to give experience points to.

There wasn't much of a fight to be had, anyway.

Kwoong-!

Dududududududu-!

The moment the rest of the members left the room, the door slammed shut, and the entire room began to shake as if there was an earthquake.

And...

[Grooooooooooooowwwwwwwl!!!]

The same howling we heard when we first entered the cave echoed, and.

Tududududut-!

A boss with a rather imposing appearance pushed through the skulls covering the floor and rose to its feet.

And also, at the same time.

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia has cast [Focused Shot].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Grooo... huh...?]

A total of three phases were skipped.

***

The standard strategy for the Skull King is quite tricky.

As you slowly raid it, the gauge of the Soul Orb that thing carries around gradually decreases...

That's its HP.

When its HP reaches 80%, it casts an area-of-effect curse.

At 60%, it summons weaker monsters.

At 40%, it uses an instant-kill skill.

And at 20%, it uses an invincibility skill that prevents its HP from dropping any lower, enters a recovery state, and then gains a more powerful buff...

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King's soul accumulation is below 20%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King casts [Soul Absorption].ГЈВҖВҚ

Three phases were skipped, and Phase 4 began immediately.

Ah, of course, Phase 4 wasn't difficult either.

Because for Erwen, who had infinite MP, [Focused Shot] wasn't her only skill.

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia summons [Dark Spirit King Diclore].ГЈВҖВҚ

Kwakwakwang-! Kwaaaaaang-!

As Erwen focused all her firepower in one spot, the Skull King's Soul Orb drained much faster than it could replenish.

Therefore...

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King has absorbed all souls.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll of the Skull King's powers are greatly amplifГўВҖВ”ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King's soul accumulation is below 20%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThere are no souls to absorb.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment [Soul Absorption] ended, its HP hit 20%, and it entered the final phase.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King casts [Eternal Liberation].ГЈВҖВҚ

It's a kind of 'Berserk Mode' that all boss monsters seem to have.

The strategy for this phase is quite simple.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King gains an immunity bonus to all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King's Soul Orb accumulation is rapidly consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

You just have to endure it, and that's my specialty.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King's Soul Orb is almost empty.ГЈВҖВҚ

After rampaging wildly for a minute, the Skull King stopped moving.

It wasn't defeated yet, but the raid was effectively over.

Even a normal person could walk up to a stationary monster and break a glass orb.

'About two minutes after being summoned... '

Since the Phase 4 recovery was one minute and the berserk phase was one minute, you could say we defeated it in a matter of seconds...

"Good work, Erwen. As I said, Adnus, you finish it."

"I will."

The Guild Master then approached the motionless Skull King and shattered its Soul Orb, ending the raid.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Skull King has been defeated.

EXP+71ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAdvanced Mutant Defeat Bonus.

EXP +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

Unfortunately, no Essence dropped, but I didn't care much.

Because the main dish was something else.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Cursed One has defeated the Skull King.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢA piece of a long story has been completed.ГЈВҖВҚ

As the Skull King's bone fragments turned into a halo of light and scattered, the entire cavern began to shake once more.

Dudududu-!

"Ugh... What's this? Wasn't it over?"

I chuckled at Ainar's mumbling and replied.

"Congratulations, Ainar."

"Huh? For what?"

Instead of answering, I stared at the colossal monster's skull hanging like a decoration on the front wall.

"You said you wanted to fight it someday, didn't you?"

It's time to go fight the hidden boss.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 797 ---

Chapter 797. Skull Island (4)

Truth be told, the Sea King was not a boss that was always present.

On average, after being hunted once, the Labyrinth had to open about seven times for it to reappear.

During that period, the cave entrance remained open.

It was a minimal convenience for explorers.

If it weren't so, they would have had to get the key each time and enter only to find an empty boss room.

"Huh? The earthquake stopped!"

The tremors that had started after we defeated the Skull King had subsided at some point.

It meant the path to the next chapter had opened.

The conditions to meet the hidden boss were for the Cursed One to defeat the Gravekeeper, and then also defeat the Skull King.

Drrrrrrk-!

The entrance to the boss room, which had closed when the battle began, opened again, and my companions who had been waiting outside entered the cavern.

"... Is it already over?"

"It hasn't even been three minutes..."

My companions couldn't hide their bewildered expressions.

Well, the Skull King was quite infamous, after all.

In the first place, there weren't many teams that could take down a Rank 3 monster with just six people.

It meant that every member was a Third-Rank Explorer or higher.

Well, considering the standard was five people before the Binding Spell was upgraded, it had become a bit more lenient now.

"By the way, it seems an Essence didn't drop."

"As you can see."

"The chest?"

"Not yet. We have to look for it now."

It's always best to do these things together.

Treasure is, after all, an explorer's greatest pleasure.

Before heading to the next chapter, I searched for the treasure chest with my team members.

Because the treasure chest itself was a kind of hidden piece.

Only by searching the floor after defeating the boss could you find the hidden treasure chest.

"Ugh...! Why hide it like this when they could just give it to us!"

"Isn't that all part of Gabrielius's arrangement? It must mean it's only permitted for those with whom fate aligns."

"Ugh... That Gabrielius fellow, I bet he has a really weird personality!"

"Still, this arrangement is quite famous. It's information that basically anyone trying to hunt the Sea King would know. The Golden Tree Clan outside probably knows too-"

"Oh! I found it! I found it!!"

Already?

Feeling a little skeptical at Ainar's fuss, I went to check, and it was indeed a treasure chest.

'I have a good feeling about this.'

To be honest, Ainar is very lucky.

She's the type who can just live life casually and still manage to take care of her own affairs, so to speak.

It was a slightly different feeling from Sven Parab, who had the hidden nickname 'Golden Goblin Statue'.

He's lucky, but there's something pitiful about him.

Should I say he's always placed in intense situations?

"Bjooooorn!! Can I open it!! No, I'm going to open it! Let me!"

"Go ahead."

As I nodded with a smirk, Ainar took the bone-made chest's clasp... no, should that be called a bone-clasp?

Anyway, she shattered it with her fist.

And then...

Ssk.

She slowly opened the lid of the chest.

Compared to the large chest, the contents were very small.

Seeing this, Raven pushed Ainar aside, carefully picked up the item, and observed it.

"Something very precious has appeared.... If that person from the Golden Ghost Clan knew about this, he'd be furious."

"Huh? Arua, what is that? Isn't it a letter?"

"Ah, this is a charm-type item."

A part that was labeled with the English name 'Charm' in the game.

Items like Ainar's No. 9999 BeginnerГўВҖВҷs Luck or the No. 1001 AlonsoГўВҖВҷs Traveler Bag I gave to Auyen as a gift belonged to this category....

"Oh! So this is a Numbers Item too?"

"Yes, that's right. No. 444 Deadrius' Invitation."

"A triple-digit Numbers Item! Amazing! But so... what is it used for?"

Ainar tilted her head as she looked at the mail, which was even sealed with wax.

She seemed interested because it was a Numbers Item, but she couldn't guess what it was used for.

Well, most charms are like that.

It's nearly impossible to know what abilities they possess just by looking at them.

"If you carry this, you won't be attacked by monsters classified as Undead."

"Uh-huh, and?"

"That's it."

"... Huh? Didn't you say it was a precious item just now? The bag our navigator has seems better."

Misha's face showed she was completely let down after hearing the item's effect.

Well, it wasn't something I couldn't understand.

To know the value of that one-line description, you had to actually use it.

"It is a precious item. Unlike Alonso's Traveler Bag, the effect of this charm is absolute. If you carry this, you will never be attacked. Even if the owner attacks."

For example, there's a place called 'Necropolis' among the Eighth Floor Rifts.

It's a Rift where 99% of the monsters are Undead.

If a damage dealer wears this, it's possible to clear the Rift alone.

There are even some Rank 1 monsters that are the Undead type.

"Really? What a strange item... Can I take a look?"

"Yes. But you must never break the wax seal."

"Huh? What happens if I break it?"

"You die."

"... Heek!"

At Raven's short and blunt explanation, Misha hastily pulled her hand away from the invitation, and I chuckled watching her.

'She always only knows half the story.'

Strictly speaking, you don't unconditionally die.

If you open it within the Labyrinth, you get dragged into a hidden field called 'Hell'.

The difficulty... is such that it's simply impossible to return alive.

No matter how well you've raised your character, if you open it, you can never come back.

Unless you open the invitation at a specific location.

"So who's going to carry this?"

Hmm, let's see.

It's not something I should be carrying.

A tank's role in the Labyrinth is to get hit, so I shouldn't even go near an item like this.

After a moment of thought, I made a decision.

"Emily Raines, you carry this."

In my opinion, she was the best choice.

The level of trust was just different.

The others had parts that made me a bit uneasy, but I felt like she would carry it carefully without ever breaking the seal.

'Still, we got something pretty valuable.'

A triple-digit Numbers charm even before the main dish.

The omen isn't bad.

Or is it bad?

Whenever something good happened, something bad always seemed to follow.

Nah, it can't be... but I've been through too much to just brush it off like that.

Therefore...

"... I should check just once."

"Check? What?"

"The Golden Tree Clan."

"Hmm.... Haven't they already left? They would never think we'd fail."

That's true.

I think so too.

But...

"Ainar, I'm sorry, but we'll have to wait a little longer before we catch that thing."

"... Huh?"

"We'll go outside, check once, and then re-enter."

The next chapter after defeating the Skull King isn't accessed through a portal or anything; it's just connected.

It's not a structure where the door closes like the cave entrance either.

This means that if they wanted to, a follow-up party could trail behind us.

"We're going back."

Without ignoring the unexplainable uneasiness, I traced my way back up the cave and went outside.

However...

"They're not here."

The area in front of the cave was empty.

***

"What will you do?"

There were two possibilities.

Either they really left without a second glance...

'Or they're intentionally hiding their presence and waiting.'

If it's the latter, there are two branching paths here as well.

1. They know about the hidden boss, and that was their goal.

2. They don't know anything, but since I'm here, they're waiting, thinking there might be something.

Well, setting all that aside, they could have turned into raiders and are planning to attack us...

This possibility is almost nonexistent.

I mean, right? Even if they succeeded in killing all of us, how would they silence the mouths of so many people.

Secrets are bound to leak, and the Golden Ghost Clan could never handle the aftermath.

"If it's a concern, going to the coast to check is also an option. If they left by boat, there should be some tracks left."

Amelia suggested, but I shook my head.

It wouldn't matter anyway.

Tracks can be fabricated, and with our abilities, it's impossible to find them if they're hiding.

"We're going back in."

I silently re-entered the cave.

Of course, that's not to say I did nothing.

"Marone, Raven. Set up detection magic along the path. So that we'll know immediately if anyone comes inside."

"Will it work? Those people's stealth abilities are no joke."

"It will work. That stealth ability is all thanks to their equipment."

It might be a different story for a stealth specialist who owns that equipment.

But if that large group entered the cave, they would definitely be caught.

The condition for 'Absolute Stealth' is to not move.

"It's done."

"How long will it last?"

"It should be fine for up to 12 hours. But the other side will know that detection magic is installed here."

Yes, that's true...

"It doesn't matter. Even if they dispel it, we'll know."

"That's true."

"Now, let's hurry."

I led my team members and moved quickly.

Not to the boss room, but along the path at the beginning.

"It's convenient with all the lights on."

"The annoying monsters have all disappeared too."

"By the way... when does the curse on me disappear? I heard it would be gone after defeating the Skull King.... Is it related to what we're looking for now?"

"I'll tell you later."

As we wandered the early part of the path for a while, we eventually reached a dead end.

"Is this it?"

I didn't answer Raven's question.

I just turned around.

Behind the blocked wall, a long, straight passage stretched out.

'Okay, this should be good enough...'

"Wait a moment. A bit of special preparation is needed to make the hidden path appear."

I ordered the team to wait and approached the blocked wall.

Then, I pretended to do something while touching the wall's surface.

Because this isn't the entrance.

Ssk.

I discreetly handed a note to Raven.

It was a note I had secretly written while shielding myself with my shield on the way here...?

"......."

After receiving the note and quickly glancing over it, Raven put it away.

Then, with a meaningful expression, she discreetly nodded her head so only I could see.

"... This is what needs to be done for it to open, right? I understand. I'll prepare it right away."

Seeing her respond like that immediately, it seemed she had caught on to what I was planning right away.

'This is why I like the old school.'

Because we've been together for a long time, we understand each other without long explanations.

"Huh? Raven, what are you doing?"

"Mr. Yandel requested a special magic."

"Oh? What is it?"

"It's a secret. If Miss Fenelin knew, you'd go around telling everyone in the neighborhood."

"Wh-what are you talking about! I am an honorable warrior with tight lips!"

"If you're really curious, I'll tell you later, later. You're not really interested anyway, are you?"

"Hmm, that's true. It looks like it'll take a while, so I'll go over there and eat some jerky."

While everyone waited, Raven drew a magic circle on the floor.

As for me, I kept touching the wall while occasionally speaking to Marone to check the status of the detection magic.

And after some time had passed...

"It's finished."

Raven's magic was complete.

"Alright, let's go."

As I gave the signal, Raven infused mana into the magic circle.

And...

Flash-!

Light erupted from the magic circle, and our vision shifted.

Because the magic I had requested wasn't one to find a secret door or anything like that.

ГЈВҖВҢArua Raven has cast the Fourth-Rank Spatial Magic [Multi-Teleportation].ГЈВҖВҚ

Mass teleportation.

For reference, I set the coordinates to the fork in the long, straight passage.

The reason is simple.

Because I believe.

Even though we can't see them right now.

"Behel-laaaaaaaa!!!"

That a rat has definitely followed us.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Transcendence].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Giant Form].ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment the teleportation finished, I enlarged my body as much as possible, filling the narrow passage entirely with myself.

It was so cramped it was hard to even walk properly...

But to put it another way, it meant it was so solid that no one could get past me.

Thud-! Thud-!

I thrust the shield that now filled the entire passage forward and ran towards the dead end.

However, I didn't feel anything getting caught.

'Was there really no one here?'

The thought suddenly occurred to me, and suspicion bloomed that I might have done something foolish again.

But it didn't matter.

Isn't it better to be a fool who wasn't followed than a smart person who was?

Thud-! Thud-!

Therefore, whether something got caught or not, I stubbornly held my shield and pushed forward.

And...

Thud-! Thud-!

The moment I finally reached the dead-end wall.

I couldn't help but let out a smirk.

Because...

Instead of a sound of impact like,

Thwack!

I heard the sound of something being crushed.

Squish-!

'Yeah, I knew it.'

Got you, you little rat.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 798 ---

Chapter 798. Skull Island (5)

I used to catch bugs with my bare hands when I was young.

IГўВҖВҷd press a bug on the wall with my palm, then twist my hand to make sure it was dead.

After that, IГўВҖВҷd run to the bathroom, toss the bug in the toilet, and wash my hands.

After I got a little older, something about it felt gross, so I started using tissuesГўВҖВҰ

This time, the method wasn't much different.

Instead of a tissue, I was just using a shield.

The process was the same.

Squeeze.

Press.

"Ugh...!"

Twist and crush.

Crack-

The important part here is to do the twisting and crushing part well.

If you don't do it properly, the bug might escape.

Shhh.

As I slowly lowered the shield that was pressed against the wall, a half-crushed woman collapsed to the floor with a thud.

"Fortunately, she's not dead."

As I muttered this while looking down at her, Raven, who had scurried over, added a word.

"She looks like she'll die if you leave her like that."

"Parab! Come here and use a healing spell."

There was no reason to waste money on a potion, so I called over our clan's only religious member and started the treatment.

Ah, of course, she could run away after she was healed, so I had her bound in two or three layers while she was being treated.

I stripped off all her gear.

Then tied her hands and feet, laid her facedown, and pressed down on her back with one of my feet, putting a little weight on itГўВҖВҰ

"....."

It wasn't a pretty sight, but what could I do?

Barbarians pursue true gender equality.

No, not just Barbarians, but this entire world.

A world where itГўВҖВҷs only natural for anyone, man or woman, to pay the price for their dirty deeds.

"She's awake."

As I murmured, looking at the woman lying as if unconscious, she answered immediately.

Hmm, is it right to call it an answer?

"... Kill me. I did this on my own."

I was a little surprised.

I mean, I didn't expect her to say something like that as soon as she woke up.

Kaislan let out a scornful laugh.

"She seems to think she's a member of the Rose Knights or something."

In any case, it was an unexpected situation.

For a mere clan member, not a former Royal Army soldier who had undergone intense brainwashing, to act like this.

"Why are you so loyal to Golden Ghost?"

"... Like I said, I did this on my own."

"Ha, I've gotten tangled up with the wrong one again."

I let out a deep sigh and asked once more.

"What is Golden Ghost's objective?"

"As I said before-."

"Then what was your objective?"

"... Just kill me."

"What, does Golden Ghost have your family hostage or something?"

At my question, the woman's shoulder twitched slightly.

'What, I just threw that out there, but it's true?'

Just what kind of person was this Golden Ghost?

I couldn't tell, but this woman was clearly different from a soldier who had been subjected to intense brainwashing.

Which meant there was room to persuade her.

"Your reaction to the word 'family' tells me you're in debt too, right? If you die, they'll collect that debt from your family, and then they won't be able to pay taxes and will naturally die. Something like that?"

The woman's shoulder twitched again at my speculative remark.

This made the situation a little easier.

"I swear on my honor and name as a warrior. If you speak honestly, I will help you with all my strength."

"......."

"As soon as we return to the city, we will protect your family. If you wish, I am willing to accept them as my vassals."

The woman was silent for a long time, and I waited patiently, telling her she could take her time to think.

ButГўВҖВҰ

"... Kill me."

The answer that came back was the same.

I just couldn't understand.

With my reputation, wasn't it more rational for her to side with me, no matter what Golden Ghost had threatened her with?

'What on earth did that Golden Ghost bastard do to make her act like this?'

Still, the fortunate thing was that this woman wasn't skilled at lying.

Her thoughts were all written on her face.

Then again, it's not easy to maintain a poker face in an extreme situation where death is imminent.

"Is Golden Ghost still on this island?"

A flinch.

"And Golden Ghost sent you to kill us?"

No movement.

"Hmm, if that's not the purpose... then it's just a background check."

A flinch.

"It seems he thought I wouldn't have come to this island just to hunt the Skull King."

A flinch.

"If he caught on, it must have been then..."

"......"

"When I first offered to give you the right to enter first if you handed over Abman Urikfrit. He must have been certain then. That we weren't here just to hunt the Skull King. It seems he was very curious about what it was."

The woman, who had flinched as if startled by my words, soon closed her eyes with a sense of resignation.

She had completely shut down the channel of communication herselfГўВҖВҰ

"Raven."

"Yes?"

"Block her ears first. We need to talk amongst ourselves for a moment."

"Yes, just a moment."

Raven then used magic to make sure our voices couldn't be heard, and so the discussion began.

When I said to share their opinions freely, the first to speak was Misha.

"Well, it seems to be true that they have no intention of harming us. They probably just wanted to find out what was hidden."

I agreed with that opinion.

Killing a noble was a grave crime, and it was nearly impossible to completely silence ninety witnesses.

Even if they succeeded in harming us, a massive time bomb of a necklace would be fastened around Golden Ghost's neck.

"He's a cunning one."

"Since there's no physical evidence, even if we raise the issue upon returning to the city, no punishment will befall that Golden Ghost fellow."

"So what are we going to do with this woman? It seems she has her reasons, but to let her go out of pityГўВҖВҰ The Labyrinth isn't that warm a place, is it?"

Well, that's true.

I had no intention of just letting her go either.

Whether she was threatened or not, this woman tried to harm us, and from that moment on, we bear no moral responsibility even if we kill her.

Yes, so...

"Let me borrow this for a moment."

I borrowed Amelia's dagger and pierced her heart in a single motion.

Stab-!

To let her die in an instant, unable to hear or see anything.

"... I guess you can undo the Voice Control spell now."

This was the only kindness one could offer in the Labyrinth.

***

"So, what's the plan now?"

That question made me think.

"Shouldn't we obviously go and confront them? Secretly tailing other explorers in the Labyrinth is a major crime deserving of summary execution!"

"Do you think he'll admit to it if we do?"

"If he won't, we have to make him admit it!"

Erwen offered an unusually aggressive opinion, and Misha cautiously countered.

"Um... still, wouldn't it be better to take care of our business first and deal with them later when we get back to the city..."

"... Why?"

"There are ninety of them. It's too dangerous for us to handle on our own."

The Guild Master agreed with Misha.

"Indeed... there is such a rumor about Golden Ghost. That he holds a weakness over every member and works them like slaves... If even half of that rumor is true, they will be completely different from that clan we met on the fifth floor. They will fight to the death."

The Guild Master's words were probably true.

Just look at this woman, for example.

Despite me offering her a way out several times, she ultimately refused it.

'It was the same with Bear UncleГўВҖВҰ'

I don't know the circumstances, but Bear Uncle never asked me for help.

And now we're supposed to have an all-out war with a clan of ninety such people?

There would definitely be casualties, big or small.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'Still, it's bothering me to just ignore it and do our own thing until we return to the city...'

As my worries deepened, Amelia offered an opinion.

"I will stay behind and watch them."

"Huh?"

"They don't yet know that this woman was captured by us. They will just wait for her to return. I'll keep an eye on them, so you go inside and finish what you need to do."

"... It could be dangerous."

"It's fine. I have this."

Saying so, Amelia picked up one of the spoils of war that had been gathered in one place.

No. 16 Ebony Emblem.

An item that provides a very strong boost to the wearer's stealth-type skills when equipped.

Because of this, the detection magic installed at the entrance was useless, and even Belleg hadn't noticed the rat that had latched onto us.

'Certainly, if Amelia wears this, it seems unlikely she'll get caught in any ordinary situation...'

Despite that, I couldn't easily give my permission, and Amelia approached me.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Honestly, the feeling of being worried about isn't bad."

Amelia then took my hands.

"Don't worry. Nothing will happen."

"...... Uh."

"Then."

Before I could even reply, Amelia let go of my hands and disappeared from sight.

I couldn't hear the sound of her departing footsteps, but I knew instinctively.

She was already running towards the outside of the cave.

"Phew......."

As I sighed, looking at the opposite passage where Amelia had run, I suddenly felt gazes on me.

"... Why are you all looking at me like that?"

Kaislan answered my question on behalf of the group.

"Are you asking because you really don't know?"

"....."

"Never mind. We'll try not to pay attention to that part. But please, do that sort of thing when you're alone. It makes my own knees weak."

"Knees?"

"... If you don't know, then never mind."

I feel a little wronged.

'I mean, what did I do?'

I just cherish my companions.

***

After Amelia left to watch the Golden Tree Clan, we resumed the expedition that had been temporarily halted.

We had intentionally come to a strange place while catching the ratГўВҖВҰ

But the entrance was actually nearby.

"ГўВҖВҰThis is the entrance? It doesn't look any different."

After passing a fork in the road and following a short passage, we came to a dead end.

However, there was a difference from the previous place.

'It's no different? The number of torches in the passage is forty-four.'

The structure of the cave on Skull Island changes slightly with each run, much like the First Floor's Crystal Cave, but one thing remains the same.

The entrance to the next stage is always in a place with forty-four torches in the passage.

Well, you have to meet the prerequisite conditions to open the entrance, of course.

Anyway.

"Adnus. Go and touch it."

I sent the Guild Master, who had played an important role (?) in this Labyrinth expedition, to the wall.

With a faint vibration, the wall slid sideways.

And at the same time.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Cursed One has discovered the Memory of the Apocalypse.ГЈВҖВҚ ГЈВҖВҢA piece of a long story has been completed.ГЈВҖВҚ

The portal that had been hidden within flickered and revealed itself.

A portal, blood-red in color, distinctly different from the usual blue of a dimensional stone tablet's portal.

Wooooooosh-!

Looking at the portal, I quietly steadied my breathing.

So it has come to this.

Honestly, even though I've planned everything and come this far, I'm a little reluctant to enter.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'Well, what can I do.'

I have to go in.

This is where I can get three Graduation Essences to feed my companions.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered the Memory of the Apocalypse.ГЈВҖВҚ

I wonder how many I can get.

I don't know, but suddenly I became curious about one thing.

"Adnus, by the way, what's that Golden Ghost fellow's name?"

"ГўВҖВҰYou didn't know?"

"Would I be asking if I knew?"

"No, didn't you introduce yourselves then? It's Bill Ironred."

Oh, right.

Well, if I can't remember, it couldn't have been *that* name.

I asked a pointless question.

-That's what I thought.

"However, if my memory is correct, I believe he changed his name once."

What?

"ГўВҖВҰWhat was it originally?"

"Hmm, I'm not sure about that. It was before he became so famous. He said himself that things started going well for him after he changed his name."

"ГўВҖВҰIs, is that so?"

"In any case, it was definitely a very common name. He himself said he changed it because he disliked it."

At those words, my heart began to pound.

No, to be precise.

"A common name...?"

Those three words made my heart pound.

Not in a good way, but in a bad way.

"That's right, but is there a problem?"

This will be fine, right...?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 799 ---

Chapter 799: Rank 1 (1)

SchrГғВ¶dinger's cat.

It is a famous experiment in the world of quantum mechanics, but frankly, I do not know much about it in detail.

As someone who studied the arts, there is only one thing I know.

Before opening the box, two futures exist, but the moment it is observed, one is confirmed.

Of course, I still cannot comprehend why that is so important scientifically, but this experiment has at least taught me one lesson.

Sometimes, it is better not to know.

Just like right now.

"......."

I barely managed to swallow the question that rose to the tip of my tongue.

A common name.

Could it be Hans?

The moment I ask, an answer will come, and the future will be confirmed.

A gacha with two possible outcomes.

It is nothing new, but I do not trust my luck.

Right, so...

'Let's leave it at that.'

It is better not to know.

At least then, there is still a chance it is not true.

Thump-!

I tried to ignore the pounding of my heart and checked my surroundings.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

The bones that had been ground into the floor, ceiling, and walls were gone, but the cave had the exact same structure as before entering the portal.

"First, let's get out of here."

Passing the passage where I caught the rat earlier, I remembered the way I came and headed out of the cave.

A new field, completely transformed from before, greeted us.

A sky as crimson as blood.

A cracked earth.

And even lava flowing through those cracks.

Kwaaaaaaang-!

A field designed to perfectly match the concept of an 'apocalypse'.

Ah, this place also had a peculiar field effect.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - The End is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢStatus Effect [Eternal Scorching] is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character will continuously take Fire Damage, and this Fire Damage will amplify over time.ГЈВҖВҚ

Continuous damage is common, so that is one thing.

ГЈВҖВҢStatus Effect [Terminal] is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character will die in 24 hours.ГЈВҖВҚ

Every character who enters the Special Zone, 'Memory of the Apocalypse', will die instantly after 24 hours.

Of course, there is a way to prevent this.

To put it bluntly, just going back out through the portal you came in from will remove the status effect.

'But once you leave, you can't re-enter.'

Thus, the standard strategy is to reset the timer with items found while exploring this field, but...

"This is that island...?"

"I've never seen such a terrifying sight in my life."

The members had dazed expressions at the sight of an entire island exploding like a bomb.

To be honest, I felt similarly.

After all, there is a big difference between 2D and real life, right?

"Everyone, be careful not to stray too far from my side."

Before beginning the expedition in earnest, I first activated the Orb of Fire to counter the [Eternal Scorching] field effect.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Orb of Fire has been activated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll continuous Fire-attribute damage originating within a 15m radius is reduced by 50%.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Orb of Fire was a top-tier, helpful item in the Memory of the Apocalypse.

Well, a point would come when even this could not block the damage, but...

'This alone is like doubling the time we can stay here.'

Ah, of course, this was all assuming we handled the [Terminal] effect well.

"Alright, let's move out. Form up as I instructed. We're getting off this island first."

"Huh? Leaving the island?"

"You'll see when we get there."

I then led all the members to the coastline where we had first arrived by ship.

The coastline, too, was vastly different from before.

"Skulls or a sea of fire... This island is quite extreme."

Lava flowed out as if the entire island had turned into an active volcano, and the lava that flowed out fell into the sea, hardening into black rock.

It was difficult to secure a line of sight due to the smoke generated from the meeting of seawater and lava.

With the shackle of [Terminal] on us, a normal explorer would not even think of venturing beyond, but...

The thought process of a Veteran Player is different.

Huh? You can summon a ship and leave the island?

Then there must be something hidden out there, right?

Indeed, that thought turned out to be correct.

Well, it took hundreds of tries and the evaporation of hundreds of characters to figure it out, but still.

Anyway.

"Then... we shall depart...!"

Once everyone boarded the ship I had summoned on the shore, the vessel, its hull plastered with fire resistance enchantments for this very moment, pushed through the black smoke and headed out to sea.

Shwaaaaaaa-!

The section where our vision was blocked by smoke was not that long.

After about a few minutes of moving in a straight line, the smoke gradually lifted, and looking back from the stern, I could see the island exploding with bangs!

"So where are we going now?"

"Ah, did you not hear?"

"You only said we were going to find something, you didn't say exactly how."

Ah, I guess I only told Auyen.

"From now on, we are going to Arta Island."

"... Arta Island?"

Raven tilted her head, then continued as if she remembered something.

"Ah! I know that island! One of the seven wonders of the Labyrinth! The small island with just three strange pillars standing there!"

"That's right."

Arta Island had long been famous among explorers and mages.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

An island with no monsters, only strange structures?

Naturally, one would think something was hidden there...

"Wow! So we're going to find the secret hidden on that island? Can I write a paper on it?"

"No."

"But it's one of the seven wonders..."

"Write it after I die. I won't stop you then."

"Hey, why would you say that...? Don't say things like that, even as a joke."

Hmm, was that a bit much this time?

As Raven spoke with a serious face, I felt a little embarrassed myself.

Actually, if you just look at the content, it was not entirely a joke.

"Anyway, according to the clan's internal rules, all details of the expedition are secret. If you want to write a paper, just organize your data for now and write it later when we've all retired. Got it?"

"I get it, I get it.... I was just saying. But is that island nearby?"

It was Auyen, who was at the helm next to her, who answered Raven's question.

"Arta Island is also the closest island to the Catacomb, Lady Raven."

"Oh, really? Then why didn't we see it on the way here?"

"Charting the most efficient sea route. That is the role of a navigator."

It was also the reason I had brought Auyen, who had almost no combat ability, this far.

We needed a ship here.

Well, to be blunt, finding Arta Island would not be a problem even without a navigator, but...

With [Terminal] active, it was better to save as much time as possible.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Lokrov has cast [Tailwind].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe movement speed of the current ship increases by 50%, and the Soul Power of all characters on board recovers rapidly.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Lokrov has cast [Trade Route].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the helm is fixed, the movement speed of the current ship increases by 300%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Lokrov has cast [Ghost Ship]...ГЈВҖВҚ

A Supernatural Ability imbued the ship, and its speed increased dramatically.

Raven was slightly surprised by this.

"...[Trade Route]? Wow, you really are a capable navigator. I know that's a rare Essence."

"Haha... Actually, it's a Supernatural Ability I acquired recently."

"What? How, when the Labyrinth was closed?"

"I used the Exchange. I used up all the money I had saved, but... I thought this was the least I could do to not hold you all back. Haha..."

"... You've been through a lot too. How did you end up in a place like this?"

"It is alright. Because I am happy."

Raven seemed to have taken a liking to Auyen, as they continued to chat for a while.

I quietly stepped aside, and Ainar approached me.

"Bjorn! I have a question!"

"Go ahead."

"Where do you get Supernatural Abilities like that?"

Normally, I would have told her to ask Raven, but since Raven was talking with Auyen, I just answered myself.

"Some monsters pilot ships."

"Eh? I've never seen any."

"That's because it's a region people don't go to often."

A prime example was the Pirate Archipelago in the southwestern seas, where Orcs and Goblins rode ships and attacked explorers.

Ghost Island also had ghost ships passing around it.

Ah, for reference, neither of them were on the route to the Seventh Floor, so we had no reason to pass by them until now.

'...

Getting her to learn [Flying Ship] would be tough, right?'

The navigator's graduation Essence, obtainable on the Tenth Floor, came to mind, but I quickly let go of the thought.

If she could learn it, we could pilot a ship on any floor, not just the Sixth, and our travel time for all future expeditions would be cut by more than half, but...

It was a monster you might never see if you were unlucky in the first place.

And right now, we did not have the stats to hunt it.

"Captain, we're within visual range!"

Hearing Auyen's shout, I ended my thoughts and headed towards the bow.

A small island was visible in the distance.

No, should I say three pillars were visible?

"Oh... That's one of the wonders of the Labyrinth!"

A strange-looking island where the pillars felt larger than the island itself.

"But it seems different from when I last saw it?"

Just as Kaislan muttered, the pillars of Arta Island were slightly different from their usual state.

It was not a big difference.

"Were those pillars... blue?"

"No, they're originally black."

The color of the black pillars had turned blue.

Well, not that the difference in appearance was that important.

"Dock the ship."

"Yes, Captain."

We brought the ship to the island, and everyone disembarked.

And the time it took to get here was...

'Four hours and forty minutes.'

If it took about the same time to return, that would be a total of nine hours and twenty minutes.

But since [Terminal] was a maximum of 24 hours...

'To be safe, it's best to finish the strategy within ten hours.'

It could take longer to return, and even after returning to the island, we would need at least a two-hour buffer to reset the terminal status.

Tuk.

After unsummoning the ship, I entered the center of the island.

And...

"So what do we do now?"

"Hold on."

The center of the three pillars forming a triangle.

On the small altar there, I would spill blood...

"Parab, you do it."

"Yes?"

"My skin is too tough for a knife."

"Ah..."

Following my command, Parab cut his palm with a knife.

The blood that trickled down dripped onto the altar.

And...

Shwaaaaaaa-!

Light began to pour out from within the pillars, and an unknown script, not even in the Ancient Language, glowed on their surfaces.

Chijijit, chijit-!

Unstable magic flowed out like sparks, and as if drawn to each other, they connected at the center and gradually took form.

"... Another portal?"

"That's just how the Labyrinth is."

Saying so, I let out a small laugh.

Should I call it a bit much?

In a way, the Memory of the Apocalypse we just entered was a Hidden Piece, and now there was another Hidden Piece hidden within it...

'I don't know who made the Labyrinth, but they sure love their secrets.'

Well, as long as the reward was certain, I would enter even hell.

"So, are we going in right away?"

"Just after this."

With that, I set a ten-hour timer.

Tick, tock-

We had to come out before then.

If we did not want to lose anyone.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 800 ---

Chapter 800: First-Class (2)

The moment I stepped into the portal, my vision flickered once more, and a new space appeared.

"This place is..."

"What is this? It's so quiet..."

Expecting it to be teeming with monsters, the members tilted their heads at the unexpectedly quiet atmosphere.

It was understandable.

Compared to the Catacomb of Skull Island, which was full of bones, and the previous field that spewed lava as if the whole island were exploding in real time, this place was merely dark, quiet, and showed no immediate threats.

"What a peculiar place. It looks like some kind of research institute."

The unfamiliarity and tension from being in an unknown space were fleeting.

Raven scanned the area, her curiosity as a scholar showing through.

'She was talking about revenge for her master and all that, but I guess people don't really change.'

Of course, that wasn't a bad thing.

To be honest, I wished she would just drop the whole revenge thing and live her life doing what she loves.

Though, I suppose I'm not one to talk.

Clang, clang...

The whole place was covered in iron plates, clanging with every step.

The walls were filled with metal pipes, hatch handles, and what looked like thick electrical wires, which were actually magic circuits.

It felt like being inside a massive submarine, or maybe a bunker.

"Oh! I have this sudden urge to turn this-"

"Don't! Miss Fenelin! Don't touch anything!"

"Ah, I didn't touch it! I only thought about it!!"

Regardless of Ainar's protests, I hurried forward.

After all, time was still ticking, wasn't it?

'It's about time he started talking...'

As I thought that and slowly walked toward the center, a voice, just as I expected, rang out.

[Who are you? Are you pilgrims?]

The voice was tinged with static, as if heard through a speaker.

"...!"

The moment the voice was heard, most of them raised their weapons and looked around cautiously.

That was to be expected.

There were only two people here who could understand those words.

"Ancient Language...?"

There was Raven, who could understand a little Ancient Language thanks to her long years of scholarly study.

And...

[Good to see you, Arta.]

...there was me, who had never learned the Ancient Language but could speak it like a native.

[...

You have not yet answered my question.

Who are you? Are you pilgrims?]

Hearing that question, I let out a smirk.

Even when I played the game, Arta Island was a very interesting chapter.

Arta is the only NPC you can meet in the Labyrinth.

Well, once you learn the whole story, it's a bit ambiguous whether you can call him an NPC.

In any case, the fact that a sentient being appears and gives out a quest makes it a very special case.

For the record, the way it progressed was also very unique...

"Bjorn! Is it an enemy? Just say the word! I'll smash it!"

"Stay still, Ainar. It's useless anyway."

"Useless...? W-what, is it a ghost?! Don't worry! I-I can beat up ghosts now, too!"

"Really? Then try hitting that door with your weapon."

"... Huh?"

Following my order, Ainar, though wondering what I was talking about, complied obediently.

But...

"Uh...?"

Ainar froze, her spear still in hand.

It was as if an invisible force wouldn't allow such an act.

"W-what is this! My body won't move...! H-help me!"

"Don't worry. You'll be fine once you let go of your hostility."

Strictly speaking, in the game, it wasn't hostility, but the attack button itself that was disabled...

If you apply a reality patch, that's probably what it would feel like.

And sure enough, as soon as she heard my words, Ainar was back to normal.

"Ugh...! What was that!"

To put it simply, it was a Field Effect.

This was a very special place, even among the many Hidden Pieces.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Arta Secret Base is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll hostile actions are prohibited within the field.ГЈВҖВҚ

No combat of any kind was possible here.

Therefore, to clear this place, something other than force was needed...

[...

What are you talking about with them? Answer my question at once.

Otherwise, I will banish you immediately.]

The strategy was, simply, conversation.

In the game, choices would appear when talking to this guy, and only by selecting the right ones could you receive the quest.

Ah, of course, that was on the condition that you could speak 'Ancient Language'.

'It took me over a hundred tries just to get the quest...'

Conversely, that meant with my countless experiences of failure, getting the quest now would be a piece of cake.

[We are not pilgrims.]

First, saying you're a pilgrim is the wrong answer.

If you choose that option, a series of proofs begin, and the player can never pass them.

The only problem is...

[...

Then how do you know my name?]

Ah, the name...

[That is...]

I wondered what excuse to make.

Tsk, I just said his name because I was happy to see him.

Was that a mistake?

In the game, he only spoke his scripted lines, and I only chose from the given options, so I hadn't thought that far ahead.

But so what?

Unfortunately, I haven't lived such a peaceful life that a variable like this would make my mind go blank.

[We are the survivors of the fallen Empire.]

A line only possible for me, who knew the story that followed.

The order was a bit messed up, but... it didn't matter, since you had to choose this option when asked about your identity to get the quest anyway.

[We came here to stop the end, so of course, we know of your existence.]

[I see... survivors of the fallen Empire...

I suppose you wouldn't wish for this world to end either.]

[Of course.

Is there anything we can do to help?]

[Well...

I don't think there's anything you can do.

I respect your desire to save the world, but if you truly wish for it, leave this place.

I am in the midst of trying various things to resolve this myself.]

Uh... what's this?

Why is he just telling me to leave?

Is it because things went wrong from the start?

Well, it's not the first time reality has been different from the game.

'I guess I'll just have to freestyle from here on out.'

Having made up my mind, I quickly continued.

[Arta, we know how to stop the end.]

The very words he could never ignore, according to the story.

[...

Haha, you?]

But for some reason, a heartfelt, mocking laugh came back.

Is this another reality patch?

This bastard wasn't this annoying in the game.

In fact, once our identities were confirmed, he would assess our abilities and, if he deemed us useful, would give us quests to try and use us somehow.

Sigh... how did I mess up the first step like this.'

Well, since I know the whole story, it shouldn't be a problem.

[We know how to kill the 'Beast'.]

[...

The Beast is not something that can be killed.

Even for me, sealing it is the best I can do.]

His voice was dripping with the nuance of, 'How could the likes of you?'

[I have no intention of persuading you with long words.

I will catch that serpent and kill it.]

[...

You even know that much?]

[Is that important? What should matter to you is whether or not we can solve your problem, right?]

[You're not wrong, but-]

[We know it's a First-Class Monster, and we also know we have to activate the Divine Artifact below after catching it, so don't worry.]

[.....]

Arta no longer asked how I knew.

His attitude toward me, who casually knew such top-secret information, had changed.

He was much more serious than before, should I say?

[...

Very well.

I will trust you this once.

Survivors of the fallen Empire.]

With those words, a sound like hissing gas was heard, and a hidden hatch on the floor opened.

Well, the story got skipped somehow, but...

Chiiiiik-!

Whatever the path, as long as it leads to Seoul, right?

***

We were going down.

Endlessly, down a ladder that seemed connected to an abyssal pit.

"What did you talk about? I thought I heard something about an empire and trials."

"It was nothing special."

"No, in the first place, how did you even know about this island?"

At Raven's question, I just gave a smirk in response.

She knows I'm a former player.

Of course, it wasn't like the other members who didn't know were questioning it either.

"He's a Viscount, after all. Someone of the Captain's standing would know things that a regular explorer wouldn't! Isn't that right, Mr. Parab?"

"Haha, yes... that's right."

"But, this means the Royal Family already knew the secrets of Arta Island..."

Quietly listening to the murmurs of the members who didn't know I was a player, I smiled awkwardly.

"Don't think too deeply about it. It's not a topic for me to discuss."

"I know that fact better than anyone, so don't worry. I was just wondering why the Royal Family left Arta Island as a mystery."

Is it because he's from the Royal Family?

Kaislan always tends to be suspicious of the Royal Family and thinks they are the masterminds behind every conspiracy.

...

Well, he's not entirely wrong.

"Everyone, focus. I told you about the monster in the city, didn't I?"

"Ah... could this be the place you spoke of? Where the Serpent of the End, Sniktura, appears?"

"Yes."

"... This is nerve-wracking. Even that Kashan was such a monster."

Kaislan's voice trembled, as if he was recalling Kashan, which we hunted on the underground first floor.

It was understandable.

Back then, even with hundreds of our best, we suffered so many casualties.

There aren't many explorers who have faced a First-Class Monster, so few truly understand the danger... but those who have, all have an unforgettable experience.

A First-Class Monster is a calamity.

It's not about being a monster or a human; it feels like a completely different kind of existence.

"Don't worry too much. As I said in the city, the monster we're facing this time is completely different from Kashan. Taking all the conditions into account, you can consider the actual combat difficulty to be around that of a high-tier Second-Rank monster."

"Um... isn't Second-Rank still a monster?"

Hmm... she has a point.

In fact, you often hear rumors of clans that were at their peak being annihilated by a single Second-Rank monster.

But from the perspective of a hardcore K-Gamer, it's a whole different story.

A First-Class Monster that can be beaten at a Second-Rank difficulty?

You'd be a fool not to do it.

Thud.

As I was lost in thought while climbing down the ladder, my feet finally touched the ground.

And at the same time.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Destroyed Core Laboratory is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Source of the Land is absorbing all Divine Power.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll of the character's resources are now fixed at 0.ГЈВҖВҚ

My MP was completely drained, and I was in a state where I couldn't use any skills.

"So... we're supposed to fight a First-Class Monster in this state?"

Raven, the Mage, now worse off than a commoner with all her mana gone, grumbled, but I just shrugged.

"Don't worry. The same goes for our opponent."

The concept here is to fight with Yaksha Rules, no Supernatural Abilities.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 801 ---

Chapter 801: Rank 1 (3)

Arta Secret Base.

The story here was quite simple.

To briefly summarize itГўВҖВҰ

In the story, the Arta family built a secret base at the closest point to the islandГўВҖВҷs ГўВҖВҳCore of the EarthГўВҖВҷ to seal the ГўВҖВҳBeast.ГўВҖВҷ

The Arta family used an item called a ГўВҖВҳDivine ArtifactГўВҖВҷ to seal the Beast with the power of the Core of the Earth, a duty passed down through generations to the present day.

The problem, however, was that the secret base had stopped working.

[Monsters have invaded the laboratory where the Divine Artifact is kept! It must be a conspiracy by someone who wishes for the world to end!]

As I went through the conversation, choosing the right options, Arta would say something like this and give the player the first quest.

The quest objective was to defeat the monsters that had wrecked the laboratory and reactivate the Divine Artifact.

[IГўВҖВҷm sorry, but the elevator is broken because of that thing, so youГўВҖВҷll have to take the emergency ladder down for a few hours.

IГўВҖВҷll open the entrance for you right now!]

[Be careful! With the Core in an unstable state, the moment you enter, all your Divine Powers will disappear! Of course, the same goes for that Serpent of the End!]

Accepting the quest would trigger a line something like that.

But was it because IГўВҖВҷd gotten off on the wrong foot?

ГўВҖВҳMeeting him in person, heГўВҖВҷs strangely condescendingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As soon as I entered the laboratory, he said a line that wasn't in the game.

[ГўВҖВҰWhat is your name?]

After nearly two hours of climbing down the ladder, ArtaГўВҖВҷs voice came through the laboratoryГўВҖВҷs speakers.

[ГўВҖВҰBjorn Yandel.]

[Is that a famous name in the Empire?]

[Well, to some extent.]

It was Rafdonia, not the Empire.

But it was true that I was famous, so it wasn't a lie.

ГўВҖВҳI think this is the first time heГўВҖВҷs asked for my name during this chapterГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Well, this must be one of the effects of reality.

After our introductions, Arta didnГўВҖВҷt say much else, so I led my team members and slowly entered the laboratory.

Beeeeep-! Beeeeep-! Beeeeep-!

An ominous siren blared continuously inside the laboratory.

The dome-structured laboratory had a fairly large interior spaceГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhere is SnikturaГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

My team members, who had entered anxiously, grew even more tense when they couldn't find what they were looking for.

Well, even with the Yaksha Rules in effect, a Rank 1 was still a Rank 1.

"Raven, Marone, you two go over there."

First, I gathered the mages, who would be completely useless in this battle, into one spot.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

Thud, thud.

I walked toward the center of the laboratory.

In the center was a hole like a sinkhole, its bottom out of sightГўВҖВҰ

Swoooooosh-!

As I approached, a strong wind blew from behind me.

It was an effect caused by the ГўВҖВҳCoreГўВҖВҷ below the hole, draining our mana and Soul Power.

"Are you ready?"

At my question, my team members nodded slightly and took their stances instead of answering.

Okay, it seems everyone is ready, soГўВҖВҰ

[Survivor of the Fallen Empire, in front of you is a-]

[I know.

I just have to press this, right?]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

As I pressed a button on one of the suspicious machines in the lab, the wind that had been whipping through the room abruptly stopped.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Command input complete.]

[Emergency Restoration initiated.]

Along with a narration in the Ancient Language, the blaring siren also stopped.

Of course, it was only temporary.

Beeeeep! Beeeeep! Beeeeep! Beeeeep!

The siren started blaring again, this time at an even more urgent tempo than before.

[Restoration failed.]

[Unidentified object detected inside the connection port.]

[Initiating forced ejection.]

With that narration, a fierce gust of wind blew back out from the hole.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Forced ejection complete.]

A single serpent was pushed out of the hole like a hidden parasite.

"Prepare for battle!"

It was the First-Class Monster, Sniktura.

***

The Serpent of the End, Sniktura.

One of the dozens of monsters that appear on the Tenth Floor.

In fact, even when I played the game, I usually just passed by this creature if I encountered it on the Tenth Floor.

The Tenth Floor was hellishly difficult.

After entering the Tenth Floor, my main strategy was to avoid combat as much as possible and make my way to the ГўВҖВҳGate of the Abyss.ГўВҖВҷ

Well, even so, there were times when combat was unavoidable.

Anyway.

ГўВҖВҳSeeing it here like this, itГўВҖВҷs kind of cute.ГўВҖВҷ

This wasnГўВҖВҷt the Tenth Floor, where all restrictions were lifted.

This was a small colosseum where we fought with our active skills sealed.

In here, Sniktura was rather small and cute.

Well, its head alone still stood over three meters tall.

SsssssssГўВҖВҰ

Sniktura froze upon seeing us, seemingly flustered after being flung out from the hole below.

The way it slapped the floor with its three-forked tail showed it was very displeased with the situation.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰItГўВҖВҷs a bit smaller than I heard?ГўВҖВқ

ThatГўВҖВҷs because it canГўВҖВҷt use its active skill, [Form Shift], here.

On the Tenth Floor, that thing was a tricky opponent that not only changed its size at will but even had a phase where it transformed into a completely different creature.

ГўВҖВҳIf [Form Shift] was only a Unification-type, it would have been a better version of [Giant Form]ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Perhaps that was why I hadn't hunted this thing much.

Even for a First-Class Monster, it had a Supernatural Ability ill-suited for a Shield Barbarian.

[Unidentified object ejection complete.]

[Closing hatch-]

[Failed, failed, failed, failed.]

Ugh, so noisy.

"What's that thing keep saying?"

Oh, that?

"ItГўВҖВҷs just telling us to fight now."

As if on cue, Sniktura lunged at us the moment I finished speaking.

[Kyaaaaaaaaaak-!]

Its fangs, as large and thick as a greatsword, looked threatening at a glance, and it seemed far too powerful to face with our skills sealed.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳActive skills arenГўВҖВҷt everything.ГўВҖВҷ

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Fangs of this size can be countered with the 'Barrier of Aegis'.

This shield was a broken item that could cheese anything as long as it could block its size.

[ГўВҖВҰKaak!]

The creature seemed a bit flustered that I, a relatively small being, had blocked its attack so easily.

Then, it spat a glob of phlegm, dredged up from its core, at us.

Tat.

Ah, I have to dodge this one.

Chiiiiik-!

The moment I dodged, the area where the spit landed began to corrode instantly.

It was the effect of its passive, [Myriad Poison Body].

To summarize, it granted immunity to all poisons, imbued all its bodily fluids with top-grade poison, and amplified all poison-related damage.

It felt like the final, graduated version of the [Acidic Fluid] skill I used to useГўВҖВҰ

Chwaaaaaat-!

After I dodged the phlegm, the creature swung its thick tail at me.

ГўВҖВҳAh, this wonГўВҖВҷt register as a guard.ГўВҖВҷ

It might have been possible with [Giant Form] active.

But in my current small state, I couldnГўВҖВҷt completely ГўВҖВҳguardГўВҖВҷ against that tail.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs too late to dodge.ГўВҖВҷ

Still, I raised my shield to cover my torso and minimize the impact.

Of course, that couldnГўВҖВҷt save me from being slammed into the wall.

Kwaaaaaaaaaaaang-!

Holding my shield, my body was sent flying without any resistance, crashing into the wall.

It couldnГўВҖВҷt be helped.

The raw stats of a First-Class Monster were beyond monstrous.

No matter what combination you put together, there was no way to surpass a First-Class Monster in raw stats in [Dungeon & Stone].

ГўВҖВҳAh, would it be different in 100x Mode?ГўВҖВҷ

HmmГўВҖВҰ I guess if I stacked about thirty Essences, it might be possibleГўВҖВҰ

A meaningless fantasy, so IГўВҖВҷll pass on that for now.

"Behel-Laaaaaaaaaa!!"

To focus on the battle, I let out a war cry and quickly returned to the battlefield.

Holding the front line were Ainar, Sven Parab, and Kaislan.

"WhatГўВҖВҰ what is this monsterГўВҖВҰ!"

"UghГўВҖВҰ! Bjorn! I don't know what to do without my Supernatural Ability!"

Overwhelmed by the vast difference in raw stats, they were all struggling, but I wasn't too worried.

It wasn't like this was their first or second time fighting a monster.

They would soon get used to its patterns.

After all, that thing had its active skills sealed too.

Its patterns throughout the raid were bound to be simpleГўВҖВҰ

Fwiiish-!

While the vanguard fought a tough battle at the front, the rear guard provided supporting fire, but it was nearly impossible to inflict any damage.

"YandelГўВҖВҰ! Is it even possible to kill this thing?"

Kaislan began to question the battle, as his arrows and sword strikes couldnГўВҖВҷt even leave a scratch.

Actually, he wasn't wrong.

Of course, with the raw stats of a First-Class Monster.

There was no way to deal enough damage to kill it with only passive skills while our abilities were sealed.

ГўВҖВҳIt should be about timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Just as I was thinking that.

[ГўВҖВҰI will begin the restoration.]

ArtaГўВҖВҷs voice, not the narration IГўВҖВҷd been hearing, echoed from the speakers.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Manual Restoration requires assistance from inside the laboratory.

I will let you know by controlling the lights-]

[So you mean I should press the button that lights up?]

[ГўВҖВҰThatГўВҖВҷs right.]

After finishing the conversation, I relayed the instruction to the team members in the rear to press the buttons as the equipment powered on.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Emergency Stabilization Module activated.]

[1%, 2%, 3%, 4%]

[Error detected.]

[Magic core requires repairs.]

As we pressed the buttons, notifications about the progress appeared, and time passed.

Before one task was finished, another problem would arise, forcing us to press another button to fix something else.

And after some time had passed like that.

"Kaislan, fall back and heal with a potion."

"I'm still fine-"

His flesh was melted away to the point where his bones were visible.

What did he mean, fine?

"ThatГўВҖВҷs an order."

"UnderstoodГўВҖВҰ"

During the nearly two-hour battle, the vanguards took turns falling back and returning to the front line.

At one of those moments.

[Emergency stabilization procedure complete.]

Fwoooooooom-!

With a sound like the power surging, the dark laboratory interior suddenly brightened.

This meant the long, long first phase was finally over, and at the same time-

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - The Destroyed Core Laboratory will now change.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter resource values will now fluctuate based on distance.ГЈВҖВҚ

It also meant that the raid could now begin in earnest.

After all, the rear guardГўВҖВҷs MP would now start to regenerate.

Not by much, only up to about 10% of their maximum.

Still, the most important role in this raid was the vanguard.

"Listen carefully. From now on, you must not be pushed back!"

Thus, I gave the vanguard another firm order.

After all, we weren't the only ones whose MP regenerated when moving away from the hole.

If that bastard crawled out too far, it would be able to use its skills too.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

"Parab! You fall back to the rear!"

I positioned Sven Parab, the only Healer, in the rear to act as a Priest.

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia has cast [Spirit Form].ГЈВҖВҚ

Also, I had Erwen use [Spirit Form] instead of dealing damage.

Since the enemy was a Poison Attribute, the choice was naturally Earth.

ГЈВҖВҢDamage taken from Fire Attribute is halved.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDamage taken from Water Attribute is doubled.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢPoison Immunity bonus.ГЈВҖВҚ ГЈВҖВҢUsing Blunt Weapons adds a strong bonus to destructive actions.ГЈВҖВҚ ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance greatly increasesГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

With the poison problem solved, we could engage in battle more aggressively, and the knockback resistance bonus made us much more stable.

ГўВҖВҳSo, we just need to slowly wear it down, and then handle the final Berserk phaseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

With that in mind, I continued the raid patiently, without rushing.

"ГўВҖВҰHuh?"

Suddenly, SnikturaГўВҖВҷs hide began to glow bright red.

And that meant only one thing.

ГЈВҖВҢSniktura has cast [Seed of Destruction].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢTargets a random character within range and delivers an unmissable strike.ГЈВҖВҚ

Something had gone wrong.

.
.

.
ГЈВҖВҢГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷs HP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢInitiating countdown.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 802 ---

Episode 802: First-Class (4)

Accidents happening during a raid.

Honestly, itГўВҖВҷs nothing new.

No matter how long youГўВҖВҷve played the game or how much experience youГўВҖВҷve built up.

No, actually, itГўВҖВҷs precisely because youГўВҖВҷve played this game for so long that you know it all too well.

Accidents are inevitable.

From the very beginning, the game [Dungeon & Stone] was designed that way.

When you fight, accidents are bound to happen, and those accidents always involveГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВ”the death of a party member.

And yet, despite such losses, you keep replacing your comrades and push forward toward the Gate of the Abyss.

ThatГўВҖВҷs the direction this game has always taken.

Just like now.

ГЈВҖВҢSniktura has cast [Seed of Destruction].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Seed of Destruction].

A skill that delivers an unavoidable strike to a random enemy within rangeГўВҖВ”SnikturaГўВҖВҷs basic attack, so to speak.

But even if itГўВҖВҷs called a ГўВҖВңbasic attack,ГўВҖВқ when it comes from a First-Class monster, itГўВҖВҷs on a whole different level.

Especially if the target isnГўВҖВҷt a tank.

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

A short, startled voice came from the rear.

BOOOOMГўВҖВ”!

A moment later, an explosion rang out.

ГўВҖВҳWho was it?ГўВҖВҷ

I didnГўВҖВҷt know, but I didnГўВҖВҷt look back.

Right now, I had to prevent any further accidents, so I raised my shield and charged toward Sniktura.

And then...

It had slipped out a little.

I noticed Sniktura had moved slightly outside the center, so I repositioned myself to hold it back into place.

Only after that emergency action was done did I find out who had been hit.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰCaptain, itГўВҖВҷs Tersia! TersiaГўВҖВҷs been hit!ГўВҖВқ

Lilith MaroneГўВҖВҷs voice rang out, filled with urgency.

ГўВҖВҳTersiaГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

For a moment, my heart sank, but only for a moment.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰShe said ГўВҖВңTersia-nim.ГўВҖВқГўВҖВҷ

Lilith Marone doesnГўВҖВҷt call Erwen ГўВҖВңTersia-nim.ГўВҖВқ

She calls her ГўВҖВңMiss Tersia.ГўВҖВқ

More importantly, [Spirit Form] hadnГўВҖВҷt been cut off yet.

Which meant the one who got hit this time was...

ГўВҖВҳBelleg Shusia di Tersia.ГўВҖВҷ

ErwenГўВҖВҷs maternal uncle, and a new recruit who had joined our clan in pursuit of the Stone of Resurrection.

ГўВҖВңI gave him a potion, but heГўВҖВҷs not doing well!ГўВҖВқ

Everyone here wasnГўВҖВҷt new to being an explorer, so even before I asked, the situation report came in.

Just from a glance, things didnГўВҖВҷt look good.

But...

ГўВҖВңIf we donГўВҖВҷt use Divine Power, heГўВҖВҷs going to die!ГўВҖВқ

Still, using the only healer Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs Divine Power for rear healing?

That was a hard choice to make.

If the healing gets diverted, the burden on the front line increases, and with that increased burden, the chances of another accident go up.

ГўВҖВҳIf another accident happens, we could be wiped out.ГўВҖВҷ

Even if weГўВҖВҷre fighting a Yaksha,

ItГўВҖВҷs still a First-Class monster.

If the raid fails, we could all die.

So now, there were three choices.

Take the risk and save Belleg.

Ignore him and focus on completing the raid.

Or give up everything and retreat.

ГЈВҖВҢBelleg Shusia di TersiaГўВҖВҷs HP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ ГЈВҖВҢCountdown begins.ГЈВҖВҚ

I had to decide quickly.

A delayed decision is worse than a wrong oneГўВҖВ”thatГўВҖВҷs my belief.

Every situation has a golden time.

And if you miss it, all the blame falls on the one in charge.

A choice.

Once again, the time to choose had come.

ГўВҖВңForget Sniktura. Everyone, retreat.ГўВҖВқ

I made the decision swiftly.

Of course I did.

Sure, I wanted that essence, but today isnГўВҖВҷt the only day.

And even if we kill it, thereГўВҖВҷs no guarantee the essence will dropГўВҖВ”

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSKГўВҖВ”!

ThatГўВҖВҷs when I made my final decision.

A hissing sound of gas being released, and the entrance we came through closed shut.

[You would watch the end of the world just to save one man?]

ГўВҖВҰThis crazy bastard.

[Kill that serpent.

Survivors of the Fallen Empire.

For the world, and for yourselves.]

The choices had been reduced to two.

***

The escape route being blocked.

This was a first.

It had never happened before in the game.

ArtaГўВҖВҷs secret base was a dungeon where, if something went wrong during a raid, you could always choose to retreat.

But now, what was going on?

ГўВҖВңNo good! Even a Fifth-Rank spell didnГўВҖВҷt leave a scratch! At that thicknessГўВҖВҰ it would take at least a First-Rank spell to physically open it!ГўВҖВқ

The exit was sealed.

[Open the door while IГўВҖВҷm still asking nicely.

Damn machine bastard.]

[ГўВҖВҰI cannot watch the end of the world.]

[No matter what you do, weГўВҖВҷre not killing that thing.

Open it now!]

[If you canГўВҖВҷt defeat that monster, everything ends anyway.]

[*]

Even the negotiation, which was half a threat, failed.

Rage surged up to my throat, but I kept calm and faced reality.

The three choices had instantly become two.

Take the risk and save Belleg, putting everyone in danger.

Or abandon Belleg and increase the chances of raid success.

[This is your chance to understand sacrifice.

People of the Empire, burn bright and light the world, even in your final moments.]

I wanted to smash that speaker to pieces, but that wouldnГўВҖВҷt change anything.

The situation had already happened, and there were only two options.

I had to choose.

And so...

ГўВҖВңRetreat is canceled. Everyone, back to your positions!ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, I already knew what the right choice was.

Given how things had turned out, abandoning Belleg and completing the raid was the rightГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Suddenly, I realized something.

Maybe that was the condition for the exit being sealed.

Retreating even though the raid was still possible.

That would explain why IГўВҖВҷd never experienced this before.

In this kind of situation, I wouldГўВҖВҷve chosen to retreat every single time.

I wouldГўВҖВҷve just left one person behind and kept playing the game.

Yeah, if this were just a game.

BOOMГўВҖВ”!

As I blocked SnikturaГўВҖВҷs tail with my shield, a conversation I had with Belleg flashed through my mind.

He had said:

[ГўВҖВҰI need the Stone of Resurrection.

To stay alive.]

With eyes like a dead fish, as if he had no real attachment to life.

No, maybe he even preferred it that way.

ГўВҖВҳMaybe.ГўВҖВҷ

A thought crossed my mind.

Maybe leaving him behind here would be better for both of usГўВҖВ”

BOOMГўВҖВ”!

Another blow to my shield snapped me back to reality.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰEnough with the rationalizing.ГўВҖВҷ

Back then, I had thought to myself.

I wanted to change this guyГўВҖВҷs messed-up way of thinking.

ThatГўВҖВҷs why I allowed him to join.

Yeah, so...

ГўВҖВңParab! Use all your remaining Divine Power on Belleg!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңButГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll handle the front somehow. Just make sure you save Belleg.ГўВҖВқ

Even as I spoke with confidence to the team, I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure if this was the right choice.

If someone got seriously hurt or died because of this decision,

IГўВҖВҷd probably regret it.

But thatГўВҖВҷs a problem for the future.

What I need to do now isnГўВҖВҷt to hesitate while thinking about a future that hasnГўВҖВҷt come yet.

Once the decision is made, I have to trust it and move forward.

Like a true Barbarian Warrior.

ГўВҖВңBEHEL-LAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!ГўВҖВқ

I roared and charged forward.

Closing the distance like this would double the pressure on me.

ГўВҖВҳEven better.ГўВҖВҷ

Because that meant less pressure on everyone else.

BOOMГўВҖВ”!

Maybe because I got so close, SnikturaГўВҖВҷs movements became even more violent.

It swung its tail.

It rammed its massive head.

It opened its jaws wide like it was going to swallow me whole.

TATATГўВҖВ”!

I dodged with more focus than ever, angled my shield to deflect the blows as much as possible, but I couldnГўВҖВҷt succeed every time.

BOOMГўВҖВ”!

When I took a direct hit, my body flew back helplessly, and in those moments, the other frontliners would rush in and hold the monster.

In that short time, injuries piled up.

CRACKГўВҖВ”

For me, it was just some broken ribs and a shattered knee, but the other frontliners, who didnГўВҖВҷt have poison immunity bonuses, were worse off.

Their flesh melted, their facesГўВҖВ”

Even their skin turned dark and blotchy.

And yet, despite all that effortГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢBelleg Shusia di TersiaГўВҖВҷs HP has recovered above 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ ГЈВҖВҢCountdown canceled.ГЈВҖВҚ

Belleg, collapsed in the rear, showed no signs of real recovery.

The reason was simple.

ГЈВҖВҢBelleg Shusia di Tersia is in [Top-Tier Poisoned] state.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢHP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢCountdown begins.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even if his HP went up, it dropped again.

It was all for nothing.

But that didnГўВҖВҷt mean the effort was meaningless.

At the very least, it kept him alive until now.

As long as Divine Power kept pouring in, the poison would eventually be neutralized.

The problem was whether we could hold out until then...

I looked at the other frontliners.

Just by appearances, they looked far worse than Belleg, who was only coughing up black blood.

At this rate, everyone was in danger.

Even if we managed to save Belleg, it wouldnГўВҖВҷt be surprising if someone else died.

No, at this rate, it was doubtful we could even complete the raid.

[ItГўВҖВҷs not too late.

Change your mind, Imperial.]

Maybe that constant chatterbox was right.

Maybe it was time to think differently.

You canГўВҖВҷt have everything in this world.

In the worst moments, you need to choose and focus.

Yeah, so...

ГўВҖВҳAll or nothing.ГўВҖВҷ

If IГўВҖВҷm going to gamble, I might as well bet everything IГўВҖВҷve got.

ГўВҖВңForget Sniktura! Anyone who can, destroy all the mechanical devices around us!ГўВҖВқ

Time to roll the dice.

***

Unfortunately, Arta, who only understood Ancient Language, didnГўВҖВҷt get my command.

Ah, but it wasnГўВҖВҷt a big problem.

Creatures with intelligence donГўВҖВҷt always need words to communicate.

CRASHГўВҖВ”!

BOOM!

ZZZZT, ZZZT, CRACKLEГўВҖВ”!

As soon as the members heard my order and started smashing the surrounding devices, the voice finally sounded panicked.

[What are you doing?!]

[S-Stop it! Are you insane?!]

[Stop your subordinates right nowГўВҖВ”!]

I had only one thing to say.

[ShouldГўВҖВҷve opened the door when I asked nicely.]

[YouГўВҖВҷre willing to let the world end?! You selfish Imperials! ItГўВҖВҷs not too laГўВҖВ”]

[ThatГўВҖВҷs my line.

ItГўВҖВҷs not too late.

Open the door, you machine bastard.]

Oh, and of course, the door didnГўВҖВҷt open.

They probably thought I was just bluffing, that I wouldnГўВҖВҷt really go all the way.

Guess the ancients donГўВҖВҷt know Barbarians very well?

BEEPГўВҖВ”! BEEPГўВҖВ”!

Soon, as the machines were destroyed, the emergency sirens that had stopped began to wail again.

SSSSSSKГўВҖВ”!

With the sound of power shutting down, the lights went out, and soon after, red emergency lights started flashing.

And thenГўВҖВ”

CRACKLEГўВҖВ”!

I donГўВҖВҷt know who touched what, butГўВҖВ”

[The Mana Core has been damaged.]  

[Emergency Stabilization Module is disengaged.]

As that narration played,

A fierce wind began to swirl from the massive hole in the center of the lab.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHГўВҖВ”!

A whirlwind that seemed ready to suck everything in.

ГўВҖВңAre you okay?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm fine! Smash more!ГўВҖВқ

But I wasnГўВҖВҷt satisfied yet and ordered them to destroy even more.

BEEPГўВҖВ”!

At some point, the voice that had been trying to stop us, and the emergency sirens, all went silent.

And thenГўВҖВ”

[The seal on the Divine Artifact has been lifted.]  

[The power of the earth erupts.]

The wind stopped sucking in and instead began to surge out from the hole.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect ГўВҖВ“ Core of the Earth is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢThe source of the land grants all powers.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢAll character resources are fixed at 100%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ThatГўВҖВҷs enough of this Yaksha.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Giant Form].ГЈВҖВҚ

Now itГўВҖВҷs time for a full-power battle.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 803 ---

Chapter 803: Rank 1 (5)

The Sniktura Raid in the Arta Secret Base is largely divided into three chapters.

The first of these is restoring the laboratory devices while all MP is sealed.

At this time, Sniktura only fights with basic attacks and passives, and the standard strategy is to just endure no matter what.

Well, it is possible to defeat Sniktura at this stage.

That is, assuming all members have excellent equipment and passive setups, allowing them to deal damage to a First-Class Monster without MP.

Anyway.

Once the laboratory restoration is complete, the second chapter begins.

From this point on, ranged damage dealers can use their slightly replenished MP to damage SnikturaГўВҖВҰ

The most important point here is to hold Sniktura in the central area.

That's the only way to prevent it from using its skills.

Of course, we made a huge mistake in this part during our raidГўВҖВҰ

Anyway.

The last, third phase is simple.

As you slowly chip away at its health, the creature's...

After defeating Sniktura, receiving the follow-up quest, defeating the boss on Doom Island, and returning to the lab, two choices become available.

Either take the reward and end it.

Or, challenge the final boss, Arta, who has mutated into a Mechanical Beast.

If you choose the latter, the raid starts again in this laboratory, and the field effect that appears at the very end of that raid is this.

Field Effect - Core of the Earth is applied.

The Source of the Land grants all its divine power.

All resources owned by the character are fixed at 100%.

My MP, which had been fixed at 0 while holding Sniktura in the center, instantly refilled completely.

No, is it a little different from the feeling of refilling?

The character has cast Giant Form.

My suppressed body swelled up, but there was no feeling of my MP decreasing at all.

This was the power of the field effect.

Fixed at 100%.

This meant that resources would never be consumed.

The character has used Wild Surge.

Temporarily, the character's Threat Level increases by 3 times, and Physical Stats increase in proportion to that value.

As I enlarged my body and let out a loud war cry, Sniktura's eyes finally focused solely on me.

Before that, its aggro had been jumping all over the place.

Then again, First-Class Monsters all have high Threat Level thresholds.

ГўВҖВҰHowГўВҖВҰ creepy.

My heart tightened as I looked into the eyes of Sniktura, who, like us, was now able to use skills.

Can I endure it?

I didn't entertain such a question.

What was needed now was not such doubt.

Sven Parab! Heal Belleg!

Ye-yesГўВҖВҰ!

Everyone else, fall back! Erwen! You too!

YesГўВҖВҰ?

Dispel Spirit Form immediately and fall back to use Focused Shot!

YesГўВҖВҰ!

Everyone except Erwen, use every defensive ability you have without holding back!

This was why a clear chain of command was essential.

Even though I gave orders without any explanation in a desperate situation, everyone quickly got into position as if they had practiced it.

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia has cast Focused Shot.

The key to this plan was Erwen.

After all, the very reason I could take this gamble was Erwen.

While concentrating, all damage received is absorbed using Soul Power.

With the advantage of not consuming MP, Erwen was not threatened by anything during the raid.

The reason I had her fall back was simple, though.

Stun, confusion, knockbackГўВҖВҰ even if she ignored the damage, there were still ways to break her concentrationГўВҖВҰ

Ssssk.

Sniktura, who had been observing the situation for a moment as if bewildered by the sudden surge of power, finally began to move.

It started lightlyГўВҖВҰ

Sniktura has cast Seed of Destruction.

Targets one random character within range with an unmissable strike.

It was the same basic attack skill that had left Belleg half-dead in one hit.

However, the feeling was distinctly different from before.

Explorers of our caliber usually have at least one defensive ability.

Arua Raven has cast the Third-Rank Support Magic Mana Barrier.

Meland Kaislan has cast Defensive Stance.

Lilith Marone has cast the Fourth-Rank Summoning Magic Anti-Magic Stone.

All characters' Magic Resistance within range isГўВҖВҰ

Even if it's the same punch, taking it while prepared is completely different from not being prepared.

KeoheokГўВҖВҰ!

Miss KaislanГўВҖВҰ!

I-I'm fineГўВҖВҰ

Of course, as expected of a First-Class Monster's basic attack, each hit was still heavy.

ButГўВҖВҰ

Sven Parab has cast Prayer of Protection.

30% of the damage received by the target of the prayer is converted into Divine Power.

Sven Parab has cast Rising Moon Spring.

Summons a totem that periodically emits a healing wave.

Sven Parab is casting Mass HealingГўВҖВҰ

No matter how much of a Holy Knight he was, if his divine power was infinite, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to call him a Priest.

The problem was me, at the very front.

Sniktura has cast Poison Spray.

I was showered with poison while my Poison Immunity bonus was gone.

Sniktura has cast Form Shift.

It instantly swelled in size and closed the distance, making it pointless to even try to control the range.

Sniktura has cast Life Drain.

Absorbs the HP of all characters within range.

Sometimes, it would transform into another First-Class Monster and use that monster's skills.

Sniktura has cast Undying Will.

Temporarily increases Natural Regeneration by +1,000.

It was sickening to see that the HP I had painstakingly chipped away seemed to have already fully recoveredГўВҖВҰ

But the more that happened, the more I focused on the battle with shining eyes.

'This is what I expected.'

One shot.

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia is currently casting Focused Shot.

This was a fight where I had to bet everything on a single shot anyway.

***

Focused Shot.

An active skill that can be acquired by consuming the essence of the Fourth-Rank monster, Litcannon.

In truth, this skill is not a Graduation Essence.

That's because there's a skill with a similar ability but much better performance in a high-grade Essence.

Focused Shot is more of a stepping stone used for a short time before obtaining 'that skill'.

However, just as there's no need to worry about efficiency when buying things with infinite money.

If you can ignore the cost, the skill's rank is irrelevant.

Of course, that's only talking about the damage.

'The important thing is the time it takes to reach that damageГўВҖВҰ'

Just how long do I have to wait?

How long does the casting need to be to kill a First-Class Monster in one hit?

To be honest, I can't say for sure.

I pride myself on having been through thick and thin in the game, but even so, I've never experienced a case like this.

'Well, whatever.

I'll just gather as much as I can.

And when the time comes, I'll bet everything on it.

If it doesn't work then, it was never going to work in the first place.'

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia is currently casting Focused Shot.

I must not release the bowstring hastily.

The key to this plan is to prevent its passive from activating, which would send it into a berserk phase.

If I fail to kill it in a single shot and it enters its berserk phase, given the confined space, none of us will escape death.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

Uwaaaaaaaaaaah!

Let's endure.

I'll do my best to hold on...

No, I'll fight with all my might.

Sniktura has cast Death Blow.

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia is currently casting Focused Shot.

I block what I can block.

Defense successful.

The Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.

And what I can't block, I just take head-on.

Sniktura has cast Deadly Poisoning.

Character's HP is below 40%.

The effect of the poison is increased by 4 times.

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia is currently casting Focused Shot.

I even use a skill I normally wouldn't because of its terrible efficiency and because I haven't consumed the synergistic essence for it yet.

The character has cast Transcendence.

The next skill used will be enhanced.

The character has cast Soul Dive.

While active, 80% of maximum Soul Power is removed, but Natural Regeneration is greatly increased.

In reality, the increase in Natural Regeneration isn't that great.

It's not an absolutely small amount, but compared to its penalty, it's just much more beneficial not to use it.

It was a skill that was much better off being sealed until I obtained 'that skill' whose performance increases the lower the soul power.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'My MP is overflowing, so why bother?'

This isn't the time to be picky.

I must endure by using everything I canГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВҰHuh?

When I came to my senses, everything before my eyes was dark.

I'm not speaking metaphorically.

It was literally dark.

......

And it wasn't just dark; it was completely silent around me.

As if my sense of hearing itself had disappeared.

What on earth is this situation?

It didn't take long to comprehend my situation.

Because I could see a red thread glowing in the darkness.

Damn itГўВҖВҰ

The glowing red thread stretched out in all directions, connecting to monsters huddled in the darkness.

They were all monsters with whom I had a deep connection.

Ogre, Vol-Herchan, Deep Sea Giant, Storm GushГўВҖВҰ

Is that jumbled mess over there the Synthetic Essence I made on the first underground floor?

I think I can see the forms of two monsters in itГўВҖВҰ

Anyway.

That's not what's important.

I know what this effect is.

A skill from the First-Class Monster, Cryptid.

A character-ruiner just as vicious as the Knight of Hatred from the Bloodstained Fortress, which would randomly decrease your level.

Sniktura has cast Omen of Corruption.

In a moment, one of the character's Essences will be permanently corrupted.

Son of a...

It's using this at this timing?

A Corrupted Essence cannot be used for 180 days, and cannot be removed thereafter.

My mind went blank for a moment, but I collected myself and looked on the bright side.

My situation is a little better than most.

Almost all the essences I have are Graduation Essences that I can use for a lifetime.

Except for just one.

'Please, just don't let it be Storm GushГўВҖВҰ'

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 804 ---

Chapter 804: The Final Day (1)

The skill of the First-Class Monster, Cryptid: [Omen of Corruption].

When hit by this skill, one of your skills is sealed, and it can never be removed again.

This means no matter how much money you pay at the Temple, you can never get rid of that Essence again.

Simply put, whatever skill is chosen, once corrupted, it's forcibly treated as a graduation skillГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳPlease, not Storm GushГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I hoped that the one Dragonkin Essence I intended to replace wouldn't be the one chosen, but even if it wasn't, I couldn't rest easy.

Very rarely, [Omen of Corruption] produced a strange effect.

ГўВҖВҳThe probability was about 10%ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

When hit by that skill, about one in ten times, the ability of the designated Essence would change randomly.

If it was a stat, it was a stat.

If it was a passive, it was a passive.

If it was a skill, it was a skill.

One of the three would change randomly, and there was even a chance it could be an upgrade.

Ah, of course, that wasn't any comfort.

After all, there was no way it would be a good thing for me if my Fifth-Rank skill [Giant Form] was ГўВҖВҳupgradedГўВҖВҷ to the Third-Rank skill [Giantification].

If that happened, I'd have to throw away all my gear. [Giantification] was judged not to have ГўВҖВҳUnificationГўВҖВҷ apply to itГўВҖВ”.

Fwoooosh-!

Just as my thoughts reached that point, a dark red radiance began to flow from my body.

It was the effect of corruption beginning.

Unfortunately, there was no way to stop it.

All I could do was pray.

ГўВҖВҳPlease, please, pleaseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As if stained by the light flowing from me, the color of one of the many threads connected to me began to change.

From red to black.

I quickly checked the end of that thread.

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Fortunately, it wasnГўВҖВҷt ГўВҖВҳStorm GushГўВҖВҷ.

Nor was it the jumbled Synthetic Monster Essence that was presumed to contain [Giant Form].

ГЈВҖВҢThe Essence of Bayon is being corrupted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThis Essence will become unusable for 180 days, and cannot be removed thereafter.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Essence of Bayon wasn't bad. [Transcendence] was a skill I intended to take to graduation, but due to its mechanics, there was no great penalty in combat even if it was sealed right now.

The problem wasГўВҖВҰ

"This is completely screwed."

When the thread turned completely black and reached ГўВҖВҳBayonГўВҖВҷ, Bayon began to let out a scream.

[ГўВҖВҰKaaaaaaaahk-!!]

A scream that sounded as if its guts were being twisted.

There was only one case where such an effect would occur.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Abyss calls to you.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Essence of Bayon becomes more deeply corrupted.ГЈВҖВҚ

The 10% chance had hit.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the Passive Skill [Transcendence] is permanently changed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ[Transcendence] no longer enhances the performance of all passive skills.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the Active Skill [Transcendence] is permanently changed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFrom now on, when using [Transcendence]ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

***

I had hit the 10% chance.

But damn it, I didn't know what had changed.

Stat, passive, active.

No, maybe not just one, but two or three things had changed.

That's the kind of skill [Omen of Corruption] was.

There was no predicting what would change.

I had tried to use it to further strengthen a character with an endgame setup, but the risk was so great and the possibilities so many that even I gave up on that method before long.

Anyway.

ThatГўВҖВҷs not what I should be thinking about right now, is it? IГўВҖВҷll figure out how [Transcendence] changed laterГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYandelГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Coming to my senses, I raised my shield and blocked an incoming attack.

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

I had forgotten for a moment after being in the spiritual world, but my current physical condition couldn't be called good even as a joke.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character is in a state of Deadly Poisoning.ГЈВҖВҚ

My body was so steeped in poison that I could smell my organs rotting through my nose.

ГЈВҖВҢSven Parab has cast [Prayer of Protection].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ30% of the damage received by the prayerГўВҖВҷs target is converted into Divine PowerГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Even though heals and various buffs were coming in real-time.

ГЈВҖВҢSniktura has cast [Deadly Poisoning].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs HP is below 20%.

The effect of the poison is increased by 8 times.ГЈВҖВҚ

I couldn't stop my body from heading toward death.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia is casting [Focused Shot].ГЈВҖВҚ

Time was steadily passing.

ГўВҖВҳBut how many minutes have passedГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Well, I wasn't sure.

It felt like it had definitely been over ten minutes since Erwen started casting [Focused Shot]ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңMr. YandelГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Just then, I heard RavenГўВҖВҷs shout from behind me.

ГўВҖВңI know what you're trying to do! But isn't it enough now? Everyone's at their limit!ГўВҖВқ

I was actually feeling something similar.

I knew what she was saying, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰNot yet.ГўВҖВқ

It absolutely could not be yet.

If this one shot missed, something even more irreversible would happen.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhat? No, we're really going to die at this rate! Not just us, butГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm fine.ГўВҖВқ

I can endure.

***

How much time passed after RavenГўВҖВҷs ГўВҖВҳIt's enough now!ГўВҖВҷ call? I wasn't sure, but the situation remained the same as before.

Kwaaaaaaaah-!

I was still getting beaten up and dying quickly.

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia is casting [Focused Shot].ГЈВҖВҚ

Erwen continued to maintain her ГўВҖВҳfocusedГўВҖВҷ state.

If there was something a little different from before, it would be this.

ГўВҖВңB-Bjorn! Stop it now!ГўВҖВқ

It wasn't just Raven; the other members also started to agree with the ГўВҖВҳitГўВҖВҷs enough nowГўВҖВҷ call.

Even Erwen was among them.

ГўВҖВңO-Old Man! IsnГўВҖВҷt this much enough?ГўВҖВқ

Was my condition that bad? To be honest, I didn't really feel any pain anymore.

Well, my body felt a bit heavy, though.

ГўВҖВңDamn itГўВҖВҰ Punish me if you must! I canГўВҖВҷt just stand back and watch anymore!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUooooh! Me too!ГўВҖВқ

For some reason, the vanguards I had sent to the rear disobeyed my orders and rejoined the front line.

Ah, of course, they didn't last long.

ГЈВҖВҢAinar Fenelin has cast [Crouch].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMeland Kaislan has cast [Will of Iron Wall]ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Did they last for about two minutes? Of course, I had no intention of belittling their contribution just because it wasn't a huge help.

Two minutes was a long enough time.

ГўВҖВңBehel-Laaaaaaaaa!!!ГўВҖВқ

Seeing Ainar get up, clutching a twisted arm, and the unconscious Kaislan, I finally made a decision.

'Okay, this is it.'

We can't hold out any longer.

No, to be precise, it's not that I can't hold on, but if we did, it wouldn't be strange at all if someone died.

As soon as that thought occurred to me, I spoke the words I had been holding back.

ГўВҖВңFire, Erwen.ГўВҖВқ

Was it because this was the call she had been eagerly awaiting? There was no verbal reply for communication.

Erwen immediately ended her ГўВҖВҳfocusedГўВҖВҷ state and released the bowstring.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

I couldn't tell how long she had been charging, but the effect produced when the arrow was fired wasn't flashy.

Hmm, maybe calling it flashy is a bit of a misnomer? In any case, there was nothing for us to see.

Except for the flash of light that filled the entire space.

------!!!

A strike so swift not even the sound of it tearing through the air could be heard.

But from the rebound I felt on my skin through the air, I could get a small sense of just how immense the power contained in that strike was.

ГЈВҖВҢDamage inflicted by a bound ally.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Light of Trust protects the character from this damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

If not for the effect of No.12 Trust, this body, with only a sliver of HP left, probably wouldn't have been okay.

A chill ran down my spine without me realizing it.

Fwoooooooooosh-!!

No matter how incredible that strike was, marveling at it was meaningless in this situation.

Only one thing was important now.

Did that arrow contain enough damage to kill Sniktura in one shot?

I would soon find out.

-----!!

The ringing in my ears, which had been so deafening it caused a severe headache, gradually subsided, and as my vision returned, the surrounding scenery came into view.

Zzt, zzzzt-!

Sparks flew from the machines.

Chwaaaaaaa-!

Heat rose in the form of steam.

And between them, I could seeГўВҖВҰ

Kooong-!

Sniktura, collapsed on the floor with a giant hole punched through its throat.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Putting together all that visual information, I thought.

No, to be precise, I recalled a conversation from a little while ago.

[Bill Ironred.]

[If my memory serves me right, I believe he changed his name once.]

[It was a very common name, that's for sure.]

Well, they say ominous premonitions are never wrong.

ГўВҖВҳWas it really HansГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

It seemed so.

Instead of Sniktura's body, collapsed with a giant hole in it, turning into a haze of light and scatteringГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңDamn it.ГўВҖВқ

Its tail was twitching like this.

ГЈВҖВҢSnikturaГўВҖВҷs HP is below 10%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ[Final Flare] is activated.ГЈВҖВҚ

The gamble had failed.

***

Following [Myriad Poison Body], Sniktura's second passive was [Final Flare].

This skill automatically activated when its HP dropped below 10%, and its effect was very simple.

ГЈВҖВҢSnikturaГўВҖВҷs stats are temporarily doubled.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSniktura temporarily gains a bonus immunity to all status effects.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSniktura temporarily gains a bonus immunity to all damageГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

It became ridiculously strong.

Ah, of course, there were a few handicaps.

ГЈВҖВҢSnikturaГўВҖВҷs movements are temporarily restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

For one minute after the skill activates, it can't do anything.

Well, compared to those outrageous bonuses, it was questionable whether this could even be called a handicap.

The other handicap was a bit better.

ГЈВҖВҢWhile [Final Flare] is active, its HP will rapidly decrease.ГЈВҖВҚ

In that state, its HP would drop even if left alone.

So, I didn't have to worry about how to deal damage to a damage-immune foe.

It would die if I just left it alone.

What's more, [Final Flare] couldn't be deactivated by its own will until the battle ended.

Simply put, either it or we had to all die for it to endГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt took about five minutes for its HP to drop by 10%, didnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВҷ

Five minutes.

A long time if it's long, a short time if it's short.

However, based on the experience sleeping soundly in my memory, I made a judgment.

If it were the Yaksha with its skills sealed, maybe.

But in this state with infinite MPГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳOne minute.ГўВҖВҷ

Just one minute would be enough.

For Sniktura to tear us all apart.

Thump!

No matter how I tried to look on the bright side, I could only picture a despairing future.

So, there was only one method left.

Bang, bang-!

I turned my back on Sniktura and ran, pounding on the sealed entrance with my fist.

ГўВҖВңAh, ArtaГўВҖВҰ isn't it enough now! Open the door!ГўВҖВқ

[*....]

ГўВҖВңYou know that if we die, that thing won't die either!ГўВҖВқ

[*....]

ГўВҖВңArta! Arta!ГўВҖВқ

No answer came back, no matter how desperately I called.

I knew the speaker was broken from how this lab was wrecked, but could it be that it couldnГўВҖВҷt see in here either?

Damn it.

ГўВҖВңO-Old Man?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat are you doing, Yandel?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt canГўВҖВҷt even move, we need to finish it offГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

My companions couldn't understand me and said something, but none of it registered in my head.

For the first time in a long time, I felt despair.

I, who had never let go of the possibility of life in any situation and tried to remain calm.

But this time, I couldn't help it.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs over.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm sorry, everyone. My misjudgment has led you all to your deaths.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, what are you talking aboutГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSoon, that thing will start to move, and then itГўВҖВҷs the end for us. IГўВҖВҷm sorry. I sincerely apologize.ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps they sensed from my expression that I wasn't joking.

The look in my companionsГўВҖВҷ eyes as they looked at me gradually changed.

ГўВҖВңIf anyone has something to say, say it now. Soon, there won't be time for that.ГўВҖВқ

Though I spoke to my companions, these words were also for myself.

I had seen many deaths during my long journey.

In their final moments, people become surprisingly strong, but also fragile.

The shell theyГўВҖВҷve wrapped themselves in for layers peels away, revealing the true feelings hidden deep inside.

Just like I was now.

Although Amelia wasn't hereГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңErwen, Misha. Listen carefully.ГўВҖВқ

Even if I die, I have to say this.

ГўВҖВңThe truth is, IГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Just as I was about to continue.

ГўВҖВңThe, the StarГўВҖВҷsГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң[Agent of the Star]!ГўВҖВқ

A divine radiance burst forth from somewhere.

Swaaaaaaaaaaaah-!

A silver radiance, so warm yet full of majesty that I froze with my mouth agape.

ГЈВҖВҢSven Parab has cast the 0-Rank Divine Spell [Agent of the Star].ГЈВҖВҚ

.
.

.
ГЈВҖВҢUsage conditions have been met.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Goddess of the Star Reatlas descends upon the mortal world, borrowing the body of Sven Parab.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 805 ---

Episode 805: The Final Day (2)

[Agent of the Star].

Back then, when Sven Parab stayed behind in the burning temple, ready to die to help others escape, he experienced something like an ГўВҖВҳawakeningГўВҖВҷ and gained a divine power.

After various experiments, it was concluded that Sven Parab had received the ГўВҖВҳHoly BloodlineГўВҖВҷ bonus, something only Saints could obtain.

Though, we still didnГўВҖВҷt know exactly what kind of skill [Agent of the Star] was.

Then, what were the activation conditions?

Even with all that long gameplay time, IГўВҖВҷd never seen this skill before.

And it was a power granted directly by a god.

It must be a power that would greatly help in the journey ahead, so I tried everything I could in the city to figure out how to activate it.

But I failed.

I even thought maybe it could only be used inside the Labyrinth, so I tried it when I enteredГўВҖВ”but that wasnГўВҖВҷt the condition either.

And yet...

ГўВҖВңIt suddenly activated...?ГўВҖВқ

[Agent of the Star] had activated.

As proof, a radiant silver light was pouring out of Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs body in real time...

ГўВҖВңHuhuht.ГўВҖВқ

And he even spoke.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs been a while, Bjorn Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

The voice was the same, but the tone made it clear this was someone completely different from Sven Parab.

ГўВҖВңTo think IГўВҖВҷd see you give up. IГўВҖВҷve witnessed quite the surprising scene, though not intentionally.ГўВҖВқ

The way the hand covered the mouth, the twisting body, the soft expression.

All those little details made it feel very feminine, even unconsciously.

And the fact that Sven Parab was a Holy Knight only pointed to one conclusion.

ГўВҖВңCould it be... Reatlas?ГўВҖВқ

Hearing my question, Sven Parab only covered his mouth and laughed.

ГўВҖВңHuhut...ГўВҖВқ

That laugh was the answer.

I didnГўВҖВҷt know how it happened, but Reatlas had entered Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs body.

ГўВҖВҳWas it a descent-type skill...?ГўВҖВҷ

But if that were the case, something felt off.

In the game, even if you changed a characterГўВҖВҷs class to Saint and triggered a ГўВҖВҳdescent,ГўВҖВҷ it only let you borrow the godГўВҖВҷs power.

The god never directly entered the body like this.

ГўВҖВҳBut maybe thatГўВҖВҷs not the important part right now?ГўВҖВҷ

So many questions arose, but I chose to ask the one I was most curious about first.

ГўВҖВңCan you resolve this situation?ГўВҖВқ

Can we survive?

To that question, Sven ParabГўВҖВ”no, ReatlasГўВҖВ”smiled and answered.

ГўВҖВңWho knows?ГўВҖВқ

...

Huh?

ГўВҖВңI wouldnГўВҖВҷt have come if I couldnГўВҖВҷt, right?ГўВҖВқ

My heart.

ГўВҖВңI canГўВҖВҷt do much for you. But still, the situation isnГўВҖВҷt too bad.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as those words ended, Sniktura, who had just finished her one-minute cooldown, let out a shriek and rose to her feet.

And then...

ГўВҖВңHah!ГўВҖВқ

With a somewhat silly shout, Reatlas raised her palmГўВҖВ”

SwooooshГўВҖВ”!

A thick, translucent silver barrier formed between us and Sniktura.

KWAANGГўВҖВ”!

Sniktura slammed into it with a body charge, as if asking what this was, but the barrier didnГўВҖВҷt budge.

Reatlas (Sven Parab), who had casually performed the miracle of trapping a first-class monster, shrugged her shoulders and turned to wink at us.

ГўВҖВңHow long can it hold?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLong enough to save your lives.ГўВҖВқ

[KyaaaahhhГўВҖВ”!!]

Sniktura, trapped inside the barrier, let out a chilling scream of frustration, but there was no longer any reason to pay attention to her.

Because something even more absurd than a first-class monster had suddenly appeared.

ГўВҖВңY-youГўВҖВҷre really Lady Reatlas...? Or are you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhut...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-it canГўВҖВҷt be... T-the Star at Twilight is guiding us...ГўВҖВқ

The members, overwhelmed by the miracle manifesting on the surface, were busy making the sign of the cross.

But among them, there was one who showed hostility.

None other than Belleg, who had just woken up after being healed.

ГўВҖВңIs it really... you, Reatlas...?ГўВҖВқ

Reatlas didnГўВҖВҷt answer that question either.

But everything she had shown so far was answer enough.

Whether she answered or not, Belleg continued his questioning.

ГўВҖВң... Why? Why did that child have to die? Was that the fate you decided?ГўВҖВқ

Again, Reatlas didnГўВҖВҷt answer.

She only looked at him with a sorrowful gaze.

But perhaps that gaze only fueled his anger more.

ГўВҖВңAnswer me...! If you truly are the goddess who governs fate...! Then speakГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

Belleg, growing agitated, couldnГўВҖВҷt finish his words.

If he had only been complaining, it might have been different.

KWAANGГўВҖВ”!

He lunged forward, as if ready to attack.

ГўВҖВңUgh...!ГўВҖВқ

But it wasnГўВҖВҷt me who stopped him and slammed him to the groundГўВҖВ”it was Kaislan.

ГўВҖВң... DonГўВҖВҷt be disrespectful. All our lives depend on her will right now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI understand you have many questions. I, too, have lost someone. But you know as well as I do that she is not the one to blame.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen IГўВҖВҷll take your silence as understanding and let you go. Please donГўВҖВҷt make a mistake. Understood?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

Kaislan released him, but Belleg remained on the ground, not even trying to get up.

He just stared blankly into the air with a hollow gaze.

It would be a lie to say I didnГўВҖВҷt feel sorry for him...

ГўВҖВҳWhether itГўВҖВҷs a descent or whatever, a power like that canГўВҖВҷt last long.ГўВҖВҷ

Once this situation is resolved, Reatlas will likely leave Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs body.

So I had to ask before that happened.

Of all the questions I had, this one came first.

ГўВҖВңWhat are the activation conditions for that power?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңB-Bjorn!! H-how can you speak like that to Lady Reatlas...!!ГўВҖВқ

WhatГўВҖВҷs she on about now?

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt mind her. Just answer.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Do you really want to know? It might be better not to.ГўВҖВқ

If it were anyone else, maybe not.

But a god... and one related to fate... saying that made it sound very ominous.

Still...

ГўВҖВң... I want to know.ГўВҖВқ

If ignorance is bliss, then that bliss is just a painkiller.

It only delays the painГўВҖВ”it doesnГўВҖВҷt solve anything.

ГўВҖВңIf thatГўВҖВҷs your choice.ГўВҖВқ

Reatlas finally spoke.

ГўВҖВңMy intervention in the real world through this power is only possible when Sven Parab is fated to die with certainty.ГўВҖВқ

I was speechless.

...

So that was the condition?

No wonder it never activated in the city.

ГўВҖВңThen why say itГўВҖВҷs better not to know?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause the moment Sven Parab becomes aware of that condition, using this power will become dozens of times harder.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... What?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҷs not enough time to explain properly... but simply put, once he clearly understands the condition, heГўВҖВҷll start relying on this power. That would create two coexisting fates, and I cannot intervene in uncertain fates.ГўВҖВқ

Even with that explanation, I didnГўВҖВҷt understand a thing.

Maybe that showed on my face.

ГўВҖВңHuhu, didnГўВҖВҷt I say it would be hard to explain?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf itГўВҖВҷs too hard to understand, just memorize this: as I said, once Sven Parab becomes aware of the condition, using this power becomes dozens of times harder. Got it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMemorized.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGood, good...ГўВҖВқ

Reatlas smiled like she was talking to a child.

It was a bit disorienting seeing her act like that in Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs body...

Anyway.

ГўВҖВңMore importantly, thereГўВҖВҷs something I must tell you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFate is called fate because it always comes.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat are you trying to say?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAt this moment, Sven Parab has changed his fate. And because of that, several others who were fated to die today have survived.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo? Just say it plainly.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe fate you avoided today will inevitably come for you again.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... So we only delayed it, and in the end, weГўВҖВҷll all die?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, why do you assume itГўВҖВҷll be all of you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorn Yandel, even if I hadnГўВҖВҷt come, you wouldnГўВҖВҷt have fallen here today. You may have faltered for a moment, but you wouldГўВҖВҷve regained your resolve and fought to the very end.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo whatГўВҖВҷs your point?ГўВҖВқ

Reatlas only smiled with a complicated expression.

She didnГўВҖВҷt say anything moreГўВҖВ”but instead, her voice echoed in my mind.

[Seven people.]

[Remember this, Bjorn Yandel.

Today, seven people avoided their fated deaths here.

Sooner or later, that fate will return to them.]

[So help him grow well.

Among all humans, he resembles me the most.]

[Who knows.

If he continues to grow and truly reaches a certain ГўВҖВҳlevelГўВҖВҷ...]

[He might not only change his own fate, but othersГўВҖВҷ as well.]

With that, Reatlas opened her mouth again.

ГўВҖВңWell then, I suppose this is the end.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe end?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhu, until we meet again.ГўВҖВқ

With that sudden farewell, Sven ParabГўВҖВҷs body collapsed to the ground.

ГўВҖВҳIt hasnГўВҖВҷt even been three minutes?ГўВҖВҷ

Sniktura still had over two minutes left before she would die.

And then...

KUUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

Unlike before, the barrier now cracked every time Sniktura slammed into it.

KUUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

Judging by the speed and size of the cracks, it looked like it would shatter in four or five more hits...

But she just left like that?

When I asked earlier how long it would hold, Reatlas clearly said it would be enough for all of us to survive.

So what was this?

Was she just bluffing?

That blasphemous thought crossed my mind whenГўВҖВ”

CHIIIIIIIKГўВҖВ”!

The door Arta had sealed opened, and through the clearly broken speaker, a familiar voice came through.

Though mixed with static...

[Ah, ah... can you hear me?]

ГўВҖВңAuyen...?ГўВҖВқ

[P-please, come out quickly!]

With those words, everything made sense, and I felt my strength drain away.

So this was how it was going to be...

***

As soon as we carried the collapsed Sven Parab out of the lab togetherГўВҖВ”

KWAANGГўВҖВ”!

Sniktura, having finally broken the barrier, charged at us.

KUUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

The door closed just in time, barely stopping her.

KUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

She kept slamming her head into the door, but seeing that it didnГўВҖВҷt budge, I figured we were safe now...

[Whew... thank goodness I wasnГўВҖВҷt too late!]

Hearing the voice, I quickly looked up and asked,

ГўВҖВңAuyen, what happened?ГўВҖВқ

We hadnГўВҖВҷt brought Auyen into the boss roomГўВҖВ”heГўВҖВҷd stayed above.

So how was he speaking through the speaker?

ГўВҖВңDid you go into the control room?ГўВҖВқ

[I-I donГўВҖВҷt know where that is, but...]

ГўВҖВңCan you see inside the lab from where you are?ГўВҖВқ

[Yes! I can see it!]

Then it must be the control room.

But how did he get in there?

The explanation was simple.

[As you instructed, I waited above until it was over, but suddenly, the doors around me started opening and closing.

I thought something had gone wrong, so I went through one of the open doors.]

Apparently, all the destruction we caused inside messed with the systems above too.

Makes sense.

We couldГўВҖВҷve entered the control room if weГўВҖВҷd captured Arta anyway.

[Once I got in, I saw what was happening inside.

I heard the captain telling me to open the door, so I started messing with the controls, and the door openedГўВҖВ”and the voice came through too!]

A series of completely unexpected coincidences.

But I couldnГўВҖВҷt call it coincidence.

ГўВҖВҳYeah, this is how it was meant to be...ГўВҖВҷ

Even without [Agent of the Star], things probably wouldГўВҖВҷve played out like this.

We wouldГўВҖВҷve fought desperately.

Seven people, as Reatlas said, wouldГўВҖВҷve died.

And then, just barely, the door wouldГўВҖВҷve opened, and we wouldГўВҖВҷve escaped that damned lab.

KUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

The vibrations from the wall made me turn my head again, and a voice came through the speaker.

[ItГўВҖВҷs still rampaging inside.

M-maybe you should come up, just in case?]

ГўВҖВңNo, itГўВҖВҷll be fine.ГўВҖВқ

[O-okay, then should I come down?]

ГўВҖВңNo, stay there for now.ГўВҖВқ

[Understood.]

Even after the conversation ended, the vibrations from Sniktura slamming the door continued.

KUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

KUNGГўВҖВ”!

KUUUUUNGГўВҖВ”!

How much time passed like that?

At some point, the vibrations became shorter and more intense...

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң.......ГўВҖВқ

And then, they stopped completely.

Was it dead?

I didnГўВҖВҷt even need to wonder.

With a first-class monster, you could clearly feel it when you gained experience.

[You have defeated Sniktura.

EXP +9.]

Sniktura was dead.

[...

ItГўВҖВҷs d-dead, Captain!]

With that double confirmation, there was no room for doubt.

In the end, we had succeeded in defeating a first-class monster without any casualties...

ГўВҖВҳThe essence.ГўВҖВҷ

I almost asked if it dropped an essence, but barely held back.

ГўВҖВңAuyen, open the door.ГўВҖВқ

Yeah, something like thatГўВҖВ”I had to see it with my own eyes.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 806 ---

Chapter 806: The Final Day (3)

Eighth Rank and Ninth Rank.

Looking at the gap between a Goblin and a Death Fiend, one might think it's as wide as the heavens and the earth, but in truth, the gap between these two ranks isn't that large.

Compared to the gap between the First and Second Ranks.

Generally, five Ninth-Rank Explorers can easily take down an Eighth-Rank.

The same goes for the Seventh Rank.

If five Eighth-Rank Explorers gather, they can hunt it down, and this formula continues.

'At least up to about the Third Rank.'

From the Third Rank, even if the entire party is Fourth-Rank, a raid of at least twelve people is recommended.

For the Second Rank, an expedition of more than thirty is essential.

So, what about the First Rank?

In truth, it's difficult to say for sure, as the characteristics of each First-Rank creature vary drastically.

However, considering that when we hunted the Wolf of Prophecy, Kashan, on the Library Island, hundreds were mobilized and yet so many elite explorers were lost...

'Beyond measure.'

I can certainly say this much.

First-Rank monsters are in a different league altogether, even from Second-Rank ones.

That's why simply possessing a First-Rank Essence earns one immense fame and becomes the subject of endless gossip.

'Evil Eye, that fellow was a perfect example.'

Anyway, that's not what's important right now.

Kkigigik, kkiik, kkik-!

Is it because Sniktura warped everything?

Unlike before, when it opened smoothly, the door now opened with a loud, grating noise.

Watching the gap in the door, my heart pounded.

Thump-!

Did it drop, or not?

Kkigigik, kkiik-!

Perhaps because of the dopamine rush in my brain, every moment the door opened felt incredibly slow.

Kuuung-!

Finally, the door opened completely, and the answer to the question revealed itself through Raven's lips.

"Th-there..."

"..."

"That's... that's an Essence, right...?"

To that dazed question, I rubbed my eyes, opened them, and answered.

"Behel-La..."

The Essence of Sniktura had dropped.

***

The impact of a First-Rank Essence was truly immense.

"Wow..."

"So that's a First-Rank Essence..."

"Adnus, don't get any funny ideas."

"Ahem, I was just admiring it."

"Indeed, it has a different feel to it..."

Everyone in the room stared with their mouths agape, overwhelmed by the unknown pressure the Essence exuded.

It was understandable.

Even if one spent a lifetime as an Explorer, seeing a First-Rank Essence in person was an incredibly rare experience.

Well, as someone mentioned earlier, its luster was indeed different from a regular Essence.

"It has two colors..."

The Essence of Sniktura, floating in the air and emitting a brilliant light, had two colors.

For reference, it wasn't a mix of two colors, but rather divided like a Taegeuk mark.

"Ah, now that I think about it, I've heard of this. Some First-Rank Essences are like this."

"If it has two colors, does that mean it has two Supernatural Abilities?"

"Yes. That's what I heard."

"Then that Essence..."

"Well... I'm not sure about that... Information about First-Rank Essences is so rare... It's practically treated as a legend."

"But wasn't there at least one person in every generation who had one?"

"That's true. But in any generation, would someone who possesses such a thing be cooperative with research?"

Raven said, glancing at me from the corner of her eye.

It was a look that seemed to ask if I, of all people, knew something about that Essence.

Well, it wasn't an incorrect assumption.

But...

"Raven, take out the vial first."

We have to do what needs to be done first.

We still have plenty of time, but you know how it is.

Even knowing it's unnecessary, when a rare item drops, a gamer's instinct is to rush over and grab it first, setting everything else aside.

"But."

Just then, Raven took out the vial and asked me.

"Is it not the color you wanted?" Ah, that?

Actually, it's a bit ambiguous.

Well, the reason for putting it in the vial isn't because of the color anyway.

"This Essence is Emily's."

"Aha? So you're going to take care of a woman who wasn't even here first?"

Uh...?

Is that how it comes across?

Certainly... from the perspective of the clan members who were just risking their lives, they might feel a little disappointed...

"... It was a joke, why are you taking it so seriously?"

"Uh. It's not that..."

"Hah, I don't know how a person like this made such a rule. 'The Captain has as many votes as all the members combined,' was it?"

"..."

Feeling like I would only make things worse by talking, I chose to remain silent.

And Raven, perhaps because she was focusing more than usual on putting the Essence into the vial, didn't pester me further.

I'm not sure how much time passed.

"It's done."

Soon, Raven handed me the vial containing the Essence of Sniktura, and with that, everything we needed to do here was finished.

And at the same time...

"Ugh, uwaaaah!!!"

Just then, Sven Parab, who had been unconscious, regained consciousness.

"Heop!"

He woke up screaming as if from a nightmare, immediately taking a stance as if to fight something.

It was an understandable reaction.

His last memory would have been of fighting Sniktura.

Vanguards fighting on the front lines often lose consciousness for a moment, so things like this happen from time to time.

"Wh-where am I...?"

However, after looking around and seemingly concluding it was safe, he relaxed his stance and looked around with a bewildered expression.

"D-did we win?!!"

"Yes. We won, so calm down."

"A-and no one died?"

"Can't you see for yourself?"

"Phew..."

When I answered with a shrug, he let out a sigh of relief as if it were a great fortune.

'Do I look like that to other people...?'

I couldn't know, but even if I did, it wasn't a bad feeling.

Seeing him check on his comrades' safety before his legs gave out made him seem reliable, and that actually looked good.

"But what happened?"

"What's the last thing you remember?"

"Well... you told us we were all going to die and to say our last words... Ah! I was despairing, thinking this was really how I was going to die..."

Sven Parab, who had been trailing off, suddenly raised his voice excitedly as if he remembered something.

"Ah! Divine Power! So, grasping at straws, I used the new Divine Power I obtained! But... did it work?"

"..."

"Huh? Why aren't you saying anything? Did it work? No, it must have worked, right? That's how we all survived, isn't it?"

His excited voice held more than just a sliver of hope; it carried a conviction that it had to be so, which made my heart even heavier.

"What was it? The effect of my Divine Power? Was it a defensive one? Or an offensive one? Could it be... it didn't kill Sniktura in one blow, did it?"

"..."

"Huh? Why is no one saying anything?"

At my silence, Sven Parab tilted his head and looked at the other members, but they too quickly avoided his gaze the moment their eyes met.

No, to be precise, they glanced at me, gauging the situation.

"H-hello...? Can you not hear me...?"

"..."

"Kaislan? Lady Marone? Miss Karlstein...?"

"..."

Tsk, I guess I have no choice but to take the fall.

It feels like we're ostracizing him, which weighs on my mind, but...

"Hoo..."

It can't be helped.

Wasn't it advice personally given by the Goddess herself when she descended?

Sven Parab must not find out about that Divine Power.

Right, so...

"Divine Power? What are you talking about?"

"... Huh?"

"... Nothing happened."

Even if I feel a little sorry, this is the right thing to do.

***

After leaving the laboratory and climbing the ladder back up to the initial bunker, Auyen came running out.

"Captain! I'm so glad you're safe...!"

"Thank you. You did something great this time."

"Not at all! It was just a coincidence that things worked out well. I didn't do anything!"

"What do you mean, you did nothing? Everyone survived thanks to you."

As I was sincerely praising Auyen's contribution, Sven Parab suddenly expressed his confusion.

"Huh? What do you mean everyone survived because of Lokrov?"

"..."

"Didn't we all work together to defeat Sniktura?"

"..."

"No, why is everyone suddenly silent again...?"

Sensing the sudden cold atmosphere, Parab once again wore a look of confusion.

Geez, if people say it's so, just accept it.

Still, thankfully, I didn't need to change the subject.

Because someone spoke up at just the right time.

[...

I was watching everything.

You've finally done it, heroes of the Empire!]

The voice of Arta, the master of the secret base, boomed through the speakers.

His tone was as if blessing heroes who had successfully completed a quest, but for me, who remembered him calling us selfish citizens of the Empire just a moment ago, it was simply absurd.

There was also a part I couldn't just ignore.

[When you suddenly destroyed the laboratory, I wondered what would happen, but in the end, my choice was the right one.]

"... The right one?"

[Look, what would have happened if I had opened the door? This world would surely not have been saved.]

Hah, as if that makes any sense...

I had a lot I wanted to say, but I held it back, thinking, 'what's the point of arguing with an AI?'

After all, I just need to get what I need from this guy and be on my way.

[Thanks to you, we have taken a great step on the path of salvation.

If you help just a little more, the end of this world can surely be prevented.

Ah, of course, we'll have to restore the laboratory you destroyed first.]

Restoring the laboratory...

This wasn't in the original game...

Then again, since the order of events changed and the laboratory was destroyed, I guess it's natural.

"So?"

[Heroes of the fallen Empire, I wish to ask one more thing of you.]

"Speak."

In truth, it was a story I didn't really need to hear.

Because the framework of the story had changed a bit, there were some minor differences, but the core was the same.

To put it briefly, he would help us, so we should go to the island that is the starting point of the apocalypse, defeat the boss, and bring back the byproducts...

"Alright, we'll do it."

[I knew you would answer thus, hopes of humanity.]

Sometime between then and now, I had been promoted from a hero of the Empire to the hope of humanity, but it wasn't worth paying attention to.

Because an unforgettable piece of information came up.

[Ah, and a human observed a little while ago at the starting point of the apocalypse bore the same mark as you.]

"You mean this?"

When I showed him the insignia of the Anabada Clan that I had, Arta affirmed.

[Yes, that insignia.]

"Was it a woman? With red hair?"

[Yes, is she a comrade?]

"Yes, she's my comrade."

At my answer, Arta showed a truly meaningful reaction.

[Hmm, then you must hurry.]

"...ГҜВјВҹГўВҖВқ

[That woman, it seems she's about to die.]

...

An unexpected quest has appeared.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 807 ---

Chapter 807: The Final Day (4)

Why was Amelia, who was supposed to be watching them on Skull Island, here?

I couldn't know for now, but I could guess one thing.

'For Amelia, who was supposed to be watching the Golden Ghost Clan, to be here...'

It was highly likely that they had come here as well.

Amelia wouldn't have come here without a reason.

"Did you happen to see anyone else besides my companion?"

However, Arta's answer to my question, which was based on that assumption, was different from what I expected.

[Well, so far, only that woman has been confirmed.]

"... Only one person?"

[Is there a problem?]

"No, there isn't. More importantly, I have a question. What situation is my companion in that you said she's about to die?"

[I don't know if she's lost, but that woman has already entered the Beast's territory.

It wouldn't be strange if she encountered it at any moment.]

The 'Memory of the Apocalypse' I was currently in was a kind of Hidden Field, just like the 'Larkaz's Maze' I had visited before.

And the 'Beast' could be called the boss of this field.

But Amelia had entered its territory?

'Damn it.'

There was no time to lose.

Not a single moment.

"Arta, is there any other information I should know?"

[As I said before, to defeat the Beast, you must keep my words in mind.]

"So there's nothing. Understood. I'll see you later."

There was no reason to hear the strategy guide again, so my conversation with Arta ended there.

Afterward, I quickly gathered the members and left the Arta Secret Base.

"You know what to do without me saying it, right?"

"Yes. We will not be late, Captain."

With Auyen's reliable confirmation, the ship set sail, quickly cutting through the waves.

Shwaaaaaaa-!

In a way, it was faster than when we first came here.

Part of it was due to jamming Magic Stones into the propulsion device without caring for efficiency, but...

The reason for this speed wasn't just the Magic Stones.

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Rob has cast [Tailwind].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Lokrov has cast [Trade Route].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Rob has cast [Ghost Ship]...ГЈВҖВҚ

Seeing Auyen activate all of her skills, the members wore worried expressions.

"Uh... navigator? Are you alright? I know we're in a hurry, but they say the more haste, the less speed..."

"If you go all out from the start like that, you might collapse midway."

Just as you'd expect from explorers with strong rational tendencies, what I heard wasn't just simple empathetic concern.

If her mana ran out midway and her skills deactivated, we might end up arriving even later.

Therefore...

"Auyen, are you alright?"

I asked only this on behalf of the members.

"When we were coming, I had to think about the return trip, but that's not the case now, is it?"

After hearing that answer, I didn't ask anything else.

"Understood."

If we were experts in fighting monsters, she was an expert in navigation.

So it was probably right to just trust her and leave it to her.

Shwaaaaaaa-!

Like that, as we headed towards the island that still showed no sign of appearing from the ship's prow, I wonder how much time passed.

Tiri-ring, tiri-ring-

The 10-hour timer I had set when we entered the Arta Secret Base went off.

It was a timer I had set with plenty of leeway just in case of any unforeseen variables...

'I thought we'd be able to go a bit more leisurely on the way back...'

This is why you never know what will happen in life.

In the first place, the Sniktura raid also ended in a completely different way than I had thought.

"..."

Was it because there was nothing I could do but wait for the ship to reach its destination?

Looking at the endlessly stretching horizon, all sorts of thoughts came to mind, and I unknowingly clenched my fists and jaw.

"Don't worry too much... It'll be okay..."

"Yes, that's right, Old Man. It'll be okay."

The other members thought my expression was stiff because I was worried about Amelia, but that wasn't the whole reason.

While I was worried about Amelia, the things that had happened before kept coming to mind and tormenting me.

"Something big happened this time too, but in the end, everyone survived, right? Don't worry too much."

Erwen might have said it to comfort me, but in truth, it was a needle piercing my heart.

Just a few hours ago, we were almost wiped out.

No, in fact, we were already wiped out once.

I couldn't dare to find a way to overcome that situation, so I just accepted that fate and, for the first time since becoming a Barbarian, prepared a 'will'.

Of course, things somehow worked out, and it ended with us catching a First-Class Monster and an Essence dropping, but...

It wasn't because I was so great.

We only survived today because we were lucky.

To be honest, I hadn't even thought about the [Agent of the Star].

...

No, was it because I was incompetent that things turned out this way?

In fact, if I reviewed the last battle, we could have avoided being 'wiped out'.

If I had given up on Belleg sooner, the raid would have proceeded according to my plan.

But I couldn't, and I spun a complacent hopeful thought that if I sacrificed a bit more, things would work out somehow.

And the result of such stubbornness and obstinacy was disastrous.

Of course, in the end, it turned out well, but...

I wonder how long that luck will follow me.

No, in the first place, is it even plausible for a person like me to have such a complacent mindset, keeping 'luck' in mind?

'Of course not...'

Luck was with me only this time.

There won't be a next time.

If I'm in this state next time, I'll undoubtedly face the worst possible ending.

After thinking that, I could admit it more clearly to myself.

Kwaaaang-!

Right now, there was a problem with my head.

A very serious problem, at that.

***

Was it because I, who had been standing at the prow, suddenly slammed my head against the railing?

"..."

"..."

Suddenly, a silence began to descend upon the deck.

Belatedly realizing the silence, I looked around, and the members who met my eyes were startled and avoided my gaze.

"Ahem..."

"Well, I should tend to my equipment. Where is the polishing agent..."

Hah, I've done it again.

Whether I had a problem in my head or not, as a leader, I shouldn't have shown it on the outside.

It wasn't even like I was the only one having a hard time.

Just because you're an explorer doesn't mean you don't get stressed.

It's true that it's a profession close to death, but any great explorer feels extreme stress in the process.

That's also why there are particularly many explorers with ruined personalities.

Anyway, to make them walk on eggshells around me when they've all just overcome a near-death crisis and must be unknowingly accumulating fatigue and feeling sensitive...

"Hoo. Everyone, I'm sorry! I just felt like banging my head for a moment!!"

Still, when I shouted it out, a little jokingly with my honest feelings, the atmosphere loosened up a bit.

"... Haha, is that so?"

"... Ah, yes! Of course! You can feel like banging your head sometimes...! Isn't that right?"

"Ahaha, that's right...!"

They were slightly awkward reactions, but it was better than silence.

Perhaps my effort worked, as Raven, who had gone far away to avoid the gloomy me, came up beside me at some point.

"Looks like you have the energy to open your mouth now?"

"... Is there something you want to say?"

"Sniktura's Essence."

Ah, that...

I thought she had run right over to comfort me.

Well, maybe it's better that she's treating me normally like this?

"So what's the Supernatural Ability? I've been dying of curiosity since earlier. Is it the color you wanted?"

"Half."

"Then that means one of the colors was what you wanted?"

"Yes."

"No, why are you suddenly talking like that? You know full well what I'm curious about. Can't you just tell me plainly?"

"That's for later, not now..."

"Later? What later! That's the worst habit for an explorer. What if you die before 'later' comes? I'd probably die of frustration and not even be able to decompose into mana particles!"

"... Decompose into mana particles?"

At the strange word, I tilted my head without realizing, and Raven avoided my gaze.

"Ah, that. There are quite a few among mages. They believe that when they die, they don't go to the embrace of the gods or anything, but just decompose and turn into mana particles..."

Ah, so for us, it would be like being an atheist?

If I had to say, I'm on that side too.

I believe there's no such thing as an afterlife, and when you die, you just biologically decompose and return to nothingness.

Of course, I hope I'm wrong.

Separate from my beliefs, it would be nice if an afterlife really existed, and a place to rest comfortably appeared after death.

So that after a long time has passed, we can meet again, talk about old times, and see each other just one more time.

"Hello?"

Ah, we were in the middle of a conversation.

"Really! You're not going to tell me?"

"No, I was just about to tell you. But what was the question?"

"Sniktura's Essence!"

Ah, right...

Maybe because there's a problem with my head, my mind isn't working well.

So I just recited the information I had organized in my head.

"Sniktura's Essence basically includes two passive abilities. One is [Myriad Poison Body], and the other is [Final Flare]..."

As I went on to recite the effects of the passive skills and then the active skills, Raven, who had been listening with interest at first, was now looking at me with a frown.

"No, so what was the color you wanted?"

Ah, that was the question.

"To be honest, there wasn't a color I wanted that desperately."

"What?"

"Because the most important thing about this Essence was the passive ability, [Final Flare]."

"What? Not [Myriad Poison Body]?"

Well, that one is a great fit too, but it can't compare to this.

It makes sense, since the core Essence for Amelia is the DoppelgГғВӨnger's [Self-Replication].

So, later on, I fed her the Twin Hydra's Essence to greatly enhance her control over her clone with [Dual Dominion], and linked it with the Cyclops's [Wave Link] to strengthen the clone's performance to the level of the main body.

"That [Final Flare], that's the skill that guy used at the end, right? The one that activates right before death..."

Hearing that the key was the passive skill, Raven muttered something to herself, and then, as if she had realized something, she got excited.

"Ah! So that's why! If you use a clone, the drawback of not being able to turn it off at will once it's activated is practically gone!"

"Yes, that's right."

Of course, there's a restriction of being unable to act for one minute upon activation, but if you just wait that time out, the strongest clone, with stats several times more powerful than the main body, is born.

'If I just feed her that Essence and tweak the rest of her setup, she should meet the minimum requirements for the Tenth Floor.'

"Hey, so what's this Essence's Supernatural Ability?"

Ah, that.

Well, one of them is [Form Shift].

"Oh, isn't that really good?"

"When he used it, he could freely transform into other monsters and use their unique abilities, but in reality, it's a bit different."

"How is it different?"

"You can only transform into the last monster you defeated, and even if you transform, your physical abilities don't change."

"Ah... I see."

Her voice sounded somewhat disappointed, but that wasn't all there was to it.

After all, it wouldn't be a First-Class Essence for nothing, would it?

Of course, there are more varied ways to use it.

However, those detailed know-hows just need to be taught to Amelia, who will be the one using it.

"So what's the other one?"

"...[The Final Day]."

"What? There was a Supernatural Ability like that?"

"There was..."

"... You don't look too happy about it?"

"Because it's ambiguous."

I said they were all fine, but this one was an exception.

If [Seed of Destruction] had come out instead, it would have been more useful.

"What's ambiguous about it? Is it bad?"

Hmm, well...

I don't know if I should call this bad.

"Strictly speaking, it's on the good side, but several conditions must be met to use it."

"Ah, now that I think about it, I don't think he ever used it during battle? What kind of Supernatural Ability is it?"

Afterward, I spent a considerable amount of time explaining the skill's effects and activation conditions, and with her curiosity satisfied by my efforts, Raven also left.

And finally, the time I was alone.

Only then did I remember.

"Ah, wait a minute."

This wasn't the time for me to be worrying about someone else's Essence.

"...[Omen of Corruption]."

I got hit by that, didn't I?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 808 ---

Chapter 808: The Final Day (5)

[Omen of Corruption].

It was a peculiar skill that, upon being hit, would strangely alter the ability of one of your Essences.

In my case, it was Bayon's [Transcend] that was affected.

'It's a relief it wasn't Stormgush, at least...'

Even if I had avoided the worst-case scenario, I couldn't help but feel a sting of regret.

After all, [Transcend] was a core Essence that could be linked not only with [Giant Form] but also with various other Essences.

Though not as high on the priority list as [Giant Form], the fact remained that it had earned its place in the final version of the Shield Barbarian build.

'I wonder how it changed...'

I was dying of curiosity, wondering if it had turned into some ridiculously crappy build, but there was no way to know right now.

Once you were hit by this skill, the affected skill became unusable for 180 days.

'This is day 33 of the expedition...'

If we returned to the city on day 75 as originally planned, that would be 42 days.

Then 30 days in the city.

'Even if I complete the full 75 days on the next expedition, there'll still be 33 days left.'

In other words, I wouldn't be able to use [Transcend] and test what had changed until the expedition after next...

"Captain, the island is in sight now...!"

As I stood on the deck lost in thought, our destination finally came into view.

The sky around the island was stained red, as if it were a different world.

Lava had flowed into the sea and hardened.

And a dark red smoke covered the entire island.

"We are disembarking...!"

The total time it took to dock the ship and set foot on the island was three hours and fifty minutes.

We had cut about fifty minutes from our journey to the secret base...

"Good work, Auyen."

"Not at all..."

Auyen, who had been using his Supernatural Ability at maximum pace throughout the voyage, did not look well.

It seemed like he would fall into a state of Soul Exhaustion if he used his ability just a few more times.

"Rest now."

"Pardon?"

There was no need for a long explanation.

"Ainar!"

The moment her name was called, Ainar immediately understood the context of the conversation.

"Got it! I just need to carry him, right?"

"Excuse me? I-I'm fine-!"

"Haha! Don't worry about it! I'm used to carrying people!"

Okay, so Auyen's transportation was sorted...

The Orb of Fire had been kept on since we arrived on the island, so there was no need to turn it on again.

Therefore...

"We move at maximum speed from now on."

I led the members, who had recovered their stamina during the four-hour voyage, and quickly traversed the island.

Our destination was the center of the island, where Amelia had been seen.

However, even as we headed toward our destination, we conducted a thorough search of our surroundings.

After all, Amelia wasn't the only one in danger of dying.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have been afflicted with the status effect [Eternal Scorching].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYour character will continuously take Fire Damage, which will amplify over time.ГЈВҖВҚ

The damage increase from this field effect wasn't significant yet, so that was a secondary concern.

ГЈВҖВҢTime until death: 05:50:17.ГЈВҖВҚ

With about six hours remaining before the status effect [Time Limit] went off, we had to work quickly to reset everyone.

Like this.

"Raven, Marone. From now on, use the 'Distortion' spell on every monster you hunt."

While focusing on moving in our breakthrough formation, we cast the 'Distortion' spell on any monsters we encountered before hunting them.

A monster under the effect of the Distortion spell, instead of dropping an Essence upon defeat, has a chance to leave behind a corpse, allowing us to obtain a byproduct...

"Ah! It's a success!"

Instead of turning into particles of light and disappearing, the defeated monster collapsed to the ground.

Thud-!

It meant the Distortion spell had succeeded.

However, soon after, the corpse was engulfed in flames and turned to ash.

And...

Fwoosh-!

A red haze floated up into the air.

"Something that looks like... an Essence has appeared...?"

"That's the one."

In the game, its official name was 'Original Sin.'

I didn't know why it was given that name, but consuming it had two effects.

ГЈВҖВҢYour character has consumed 'Original Sin'.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFire Resistance has permanently increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

Fire Resistance increased by +1.

ГЈВҖВҢThe status effect [Time Limit] has been reset.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYour character will die in 24 hours.ГЈВҖВҚ

The status effect [Time Limit] from the field effect would be reset, giving us another day.

For reference, the Fire Resistance increase was an effect you could only get the first time you consumed it; it wouldn't increase with subsequent uses...

Anyway, that wasn't what was important.

Unlike in the game, I couldn't just hover a cursor over the status effect icon to see the remaining time, so as I fed 'Original Sin' to the members sequentially, I had them immediately set a timer on their watches.

"This feels strange. To think this is my remaining time. Don't you think so, Mr. Parab?"

"Haha, yes... I suppose so."

"Wouldn't it be nice if we could actually see it like this all the time?"

"Pardon?"

"The remaining time. I was just thinking how great it would be if we could always know how much time we have left. It was like that a moment ago, wasn't it? When I thought everything would be over in a minute... I was just so bewildered. It made me wonder if there were really that many things I hadn't done in my life..."

"... It would certainly be nice if that were the case. If we could know the time we have left... at least there would be no unspoken words."

"Not things you haven't done, but words?"

"Haha... It's just an expression. Just an expression!"

Even in this situation, Marone and Parab were sharing a conversation that felt somewhat sweet and awkward.

Tsk, he did offer to be Marone's ride when the topic of transportation came up before...

'Is there really something going on between them...?'

I couldn't be sure, but I had a feeling.

Maybe I should just let it be?

In the past, I would have been concerned about such personal relationships forming within the team.

When emotions get involved, the probability of variables arising also increases.

But now, my thinking had changed a little.

"... There might not be a 'later.'"

"Huh? What did you just say, Old Man?"

"Just talking to myself."

After giving a vague reply to Erwen's question, I turned my attention away from Marone and Parab.

I didn't know what would become of their relationship, but I didn't want to interfere.

If it works out, it works out.

If not, then it doesn't.

As long as there are no regrets, that's what matters.

With that mindset, I focused on the present and headed towards the center of the island.

How much time had passed?

ГЈВҖВҢAinar Fenelin has consumed 'Original Sin'.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFire Resistance has permanently increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

At the point where we had acquired a total of four 'Original Sin' items and reset our [Time Limit].

"Finally found you."

Suddenly, a familiar voice reached my ears.

"...?"

This voice was definitely...

"Amelia......?"

Just as I muttered the words to myself.

"What's with that look? Like you've seen a ghost."

Amelia appeared with a grin.

"...... Huh?"

I was dumbfounded.

Just like Amelia's joke, it felt like I had really seen a ghost.

To be honest, I hadn't expected to find her this quickly...

'No, in this case, did she find us?'

Indeed, Amelia didn't even know that we were looking for her.

Then again, if it wasn't for Arta's words, I wouldn't have known she was on this island either.

"What on earth happened that made you come in here?"

"Something happened outside."

"The Golden Tree, was it them?"

"No, they have nothing to do with it."

"... What? It wasn't them?"

"As soon as they realized the scouts they had on us were dealt with, they left the island. I waited just in case, but I didn't see them before I came in here."

Everything I had expected was completely off.

If Amelia came in here, I was sure it was because of them...

"If it wasn't because of them, then why did you come in?"

To my question, Amelia once again gave an answer I could never have predicted.

"The Sixth Floor Lord has been summoned."

...

Excuse me?

***

The Sixth Floor Lord being summoned.

It was shocking news, but hearing it made things make sense.

"You came here to take refuge as soon as you knew the Floor Lord was summoned."

"That's right. It would be a huge problem if I got caught up in it alone. And when I calculated the time, it was about when you guys would be returning."

After hearing the detailed reason for Amelia's arrival, I couldn't help but nod.

She was the only one I could trust to be safe even if left by the water's edge.

Her judgment was so swift and accurate.

"Well done."

Floor Lords mostly affect the entire floor.

A prime example is Riakis on the third floor.

Upon his appearance, he blocks the portals between floors and changes the entire field.

And the same goes for the Sixth Floor Lord.

In the case of the sixth floor, the portals aren't blocked, but when he is summoned, you're bound to be affected by him no matter where you are in this vast ocean.

Well, strictly speaking, you're affected when he uses that skill, but anyway.

'I was planning to just go outside in case of an emergency, but that's become a bit tricky now...'

One option was gone, but we were still in a better position.

Should I say we unintentionally entered a shelter?

If we hadn't been in here, we would have definitely been caught up in the Floor Lord situation.

"...... In any case, I'm glad you're safe. Let's talk while we get out of here."

"Why here?"

"If we stay here, we might run into a troublesome guy. Capturing him is our goal anyway... but we need to prepare."

"Ah, I see. Understood."

After joining up with Amelia, we moved as far away from the center of the island as possible while continuing our conversation.

"Did things go well where you went? I was worried something might have gone wrong because I left."

"Ah, that..."

"Was there a problem?"

"Not that there wasn't, but it ended well. Oh, and an Essence dropped too."

"A Rank 1 Essence dropped...? That's incredible. I don't know who will get it, but the people in the city will go crazy when they find out."

"No, that won't happen."

When I shook my head and spoke firmly, Amelia showed a questioning look.

I chuckled and shrugged my shoulders.

"You hate being famous, don't you?"

"...?"

At first, Amelia seemed to wonder what I was talking about, but soon her eyes widened.

It seemed she finally realized that the Essence belonged to her...

"Whew-!"

"I'm so jealous. A man who gives a Rank 1 Essence as a gift. Is there no such man for me?"

"Lady Raven, you're a Mage, so you can't consume Essences anyway, can you...?"

"But I love researching Essences, you know?"

"Hmph, what's a Rank 1 Essence? I got a Floor Lord Essence from the Old Man, you know?"

"R-Really...? I'm jealous of you both..."

The commotion around us, with people whistling and making a fuss, was distracting, but Amelia herself didn't seem to pay any attention to her surroundings.

She just looked at me intently...

"Thank you. I'll make good use of it."

Amelia expressed her gratitude in such a simple manner.

Yet, within that simplicity, I felt an indescribable weight.

It felt more sincere than a hundred words.

Of course, that calm reaction didn't last long.

She might seem blunt, but if you really get to know her, she has a very childish side.

"So what ability does this Essence have? And how can it be linked with my other Essences?"

"Ah, for that, you can get it from Raven."

"Huh? From me?"

"I'm sure you've organized it separately, haven't you?"

"Uh... that's true... Phew! Alright! Here you go!"

Afterward, Amelia received the skill summary from Raven, and after familiarizing herself with it, she came to me for various pieces of advice.

And...

"But what's this? The name is quite romantic. Heh, [The Final Day]."

I couldn't for the life of me understand what part of it was romantic; that sensibility was beyond me, but I answered her anyway.

"Ah, don't worry about that for now. The conditions are such that you might never be in a situation to use it properly in your entire life."

"Is that so? Looking at the conditions, it certainly seems difficult to use unless you're determined to prepare for it."

"Right, so..."

"[The Final Day]."

That curiosity of hers, really.

Did she have to test everything at least once to be satisfied?

Not that it would ever activate-.

Flash-!!

...or so I thought.

"... Huh?"

What was that?

Fwoooooooooooooooooooosh-!

"Bjorn! Look! Look at the sky over there!!!"

...

Why is a meteorite falling from the sky?

Craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaash-!!

I couldn't know the exact reason, but seeing Amelia's utterly bewildered expression, one thing was certain.

"... Perhaps, did I cause this mess?"

Things had gone seriously wrong.

.
.

.
ГЈВҖВҢAmelia Rainwales has cast [The Final Day].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFor 24 hours, random bombardments will occur within a 10km radius.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 809 ---

Chapter 809: Hidden Story (1)

[The Final Day].

One of the active skills of the First-Class Monster, Sniktura.

This skill has a wide range of effects.

KwaaaaaaangГўВҖВ”!

A meteor falls from the sky.

FlashГўВҖВ”!!

A lightning bolt strikes down, dealing damage equivalent to a Rank 3 attack spell.

Rumble rumble rumbleГўВҖВ”!!!

The ground shakes and caves in, temporarily making movement impossible.

As its name suggests, [The Final Day] brings about all kinds of terrifying effects without discrimination.

Within a 10km radius of the caster,

For 24 hours.

ГўВҖВңHuh? Then isnГўВҖВҷt that a good thing? It kills monsters for you without lifting a finger!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar said that with an innocent expression after hearing the explanation, but I didnГўВҖВҷt bother to explain further.

After all, Barbarians learn best through experience.

FlashГўВҖВ”!!

ГўВҖВң......!!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar trembled, unable to even scream, as lightning struck the top of her head.

This is the biggest problem with [The Final Day].

KwaaaaaaangГўВҖВ”!

The meteors, lightning, and all the apocalyptic effects are certainly destructive...

But the problem is, it doesnГўВҖВҷt distinguish between friend or foe.

ГўВҖВңA-Are you alright, Fenelin?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңU-Ugh... IГўВҖВҷm fine... except my mouth wonГўВҖВҷt moveГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

FlashГўВҖВ”!!

ГўВҖВң......!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAinar got struck by lightning again...! A-Are you okay?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUgh... Em-Emily...! Make it stop! It hurts like hell...!!!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar, who had the misfortune of being struck twice right from the start, cried out in desperation, but Amelia only looked flusteredГўВҖВ”something rare to see.

ThatГўВҖВҷs because this is the second problem with this skill.

This skill, which indiscriminately devastates everything around it, cannot be canceled once activated.

ГўВҖВңEmily! CanГўВҖВҷt you hear meГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStop it, Ainar. ItГўВҖВҷs not something that can be stopped midway. It lasts unconditionally for 24 hours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat..? DonГўВҖВҷt lie! IГўВҖВҷm not stupid! What kind of supernatural ability canГўВҖВҷt be stopped once it starts?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUh...ГўВҖВқ

I was caught off guard by how confidently Ainar shouted that.

Judging by everyoneГўВҖВҷs reactions, it didnГўВҖВҷt seem like I was mistaken.

ГўВҖВңRaven? DonГўВҖВҷt most activated abilities continue on their own once triggered...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes... ThatГўВҖВҷs right? Even AinarГўВҖВҷs [Indomitable Spirit] lasts for a set time once used, doesnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВқ

Hearing RavenГўВҖВҷs words, Ainar, who had insisted it was impossible, fell silent, and Amelia, the one who triggered this whole mess, glanced around nervously.

ГўВҖВң... Well, itГўВҖВҷs still kind of amazing. That it lasts for 24 hours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not amazing. ItГўВҖВҷs horrifying.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnyway, this is serious. If FenelinГўВҖВҷs reacting like that, normal people could die.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo this state will last for 24 hours... ThatГўВҖВҷs a big problem.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem...ГўВҖВқ

Amelia cleared her throat, knowing she had caused trouble.

ГўВҖВңWell...ГўВҖВқ

Then she suddenly spoke.

Looking at me, somewhat meekly.

ГўВҖВң... Strictly speaking, itГўВҖВҷs not entirely my fault.ГўВҖВқ

...

Huh?

For a moment, I doubted my ears.

What was she saying? Trying to dodge responsibility now?

That Amelia?

When I looked at her in disbelief, she averted her gaze and continued.

ГўВҖВңW-Well, isnГўВҖВҷt it? Yandel, based on the conditions you mentioned, it shouldnГўВҖВҷt have been possible to use it... That thing...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, thatГўВҖВҷs true, but...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңExactly, Yandel! Why did it activate?ГўВҖВқ

Raven, who had been listening, joined in with curiosity, and everyone turned to look at me.

But...

ГўВҖВңHmm, IГўВҖВҷm not sure...ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, I didnГўВҖВҷt know either.

In the game, there was only one condition required to activate [The Final Day].

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean youГўВҖВҷre not sure? WasnГўВҖВҷt the activation condition that it can only be used on the day the Labyrinth closes?ГўВҖВқ

ThatГўВҖВҷs right.

This skill can only be used on the day the Labyrinth closes.

For example, the first floor closes on Day 7, the second floor on Day 10, and so on.

And since weГўВҖВҷre in a Hidden Field that belongs to the sixth floor, it should only be usable on Day 60.

ГўВҖВңThen why did it activate now?ГўВҖВқ

Exactly.

It made me think.

Aside from the fact that it caused a mess, something definitely felt off.

Why did a skill that can only be used on the day the Labyrinth closes activate now?

KwaaaaaaangГўВҖВ”!!!

Could there be some hidden factor I didnГўВҖВҷt know about?

***

Honestly, my luck had been too good lately.

Surviving a near-wipe against Sniktura without losing a single person, and even getting an Essence drop from it.

My luck was too good.

But thatГўВҖВҷs exactly why...

It made me uneasy.

From experience, when too many good things happen, something bad always follows.

The reverse is also true, of course.

Anyway.

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs a lot to think about...ГўВҖВҷ

The story about a Floor Lord being summoned on the sixth floor, and now this [The Final Day] being activated...

I had more and more to consider when it came to making decisions.

But if I only think about the immediate situation...

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs not bad.ГўВҖВҷ

That was my conclusion.

Putting aside everything else for now, in terms of clearing the Hidden Field ГўВҖВҳMemory of the Apocalypse,ГўВҖВҷ the activation of [The Final Day] was a good thing.

At the very least, it would be a huge help in defeating the boss of this Apocalypse Island, the Beast.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢMore than 10% of the monsters in the area have been eliminated.ГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢThe power of the Ancient Beast has weakened.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMore than 20% of the monsters in the area have been eliminated.ГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢThe power of the Ancient Beast has weakened...ГЈВҖВҚ

All we were doing was circling the outskirts of the island with Amelia, and yet the monsters were being wiped out at an incredible speed.

It was truly a scorched-earth effect.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Fanatic Gatekeeper. +EXP 71ГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Horrifying Memory. +EXP 61ГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Enchanting Flower. +EXP 61ГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Mirror Hound...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ......ГЈВҖВҚ

The sudden spikes in EXP made it clear that even monsters above Rank 4 were getting obliterated by meteors.

ГўВҖВҳAt this rate, we might be able to clear the whole island in a day.ГўВҖВҷ

Originally, we had planned for this part of the expedition to take at least a week, so the current pace felt insane.

Of course, that didnГўВҖВҷt mean there werenГўВҖВҷt any problems.

As with everything in life, speed always comes with issues.

ГўВҖВңUwaaah!! ThatГўВҖВҷs the tenth time IГўВҖВҷve been struck by lightning!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKyaaaah! Mr. Parab! Mr. Parab got crushed by a meteor...!!ГўВҖВқ

Setting aside the side effects like getting knocked out by lightning or nearly dying from meteors...

The biggest problem was this.

ГўВҖВңSo... there are only five of us left now...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSince Lady Raines isnГўВҖВҷt immediately needed, itГўВҖВҷs effectively four.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh... right...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳMemory of the ApocalypseГўВҖВҷ is a field that requires constant resetting of the [Terminal] debuff to progress.

But because of [The Final Day], it became difficult to reset.

After all, you need to meet a Distortion to trigger the reset.

ГўВҖВңB-But will we be okay...? ThereГўВҖВҷs only two hours left...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha... ItГўВҖВҷll be fine, Miss Marone! DonГўВҖВҷt worry too much!ГўВҖВқ

We were running around with the mage, trying to apply Distortion to everyone we could find, but the supply was slower than expected, making everyone more anxious.

Especially the members who hadnГўВҖВҷt reset yet.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs easy for you to say... Mr. Parab, you already reset, so of course you can smile...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... T-ThatГўВҖВҷs not what I meant!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm sorry. I was being sensitive. ItГўВҖВҷs not your fault, Mr. Parab.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, no... I completely understand. You donГўВҖВҷt need to apologize...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

Of course, in the worst-case scenario, we could send the un-reset members back to Skull Island via portal.

At least that would remove the [Terminal] debuff.

ГўВҖВҳThe problem is, thereГўВҖВҷs a Floor Lord summoned outside too, so itГўВҖВҷs not completely safe...ГўВҖВҷ

Still, itГўВҖВҷs better to face danger than certain death.

ГЈВҖВҢTime remaining until death: 01:50:17.ГЈВҖВҚ

With less than two hours left before [Terminal] triggered, we focused all our efforts on obtaining Original Sin.

And as a resultГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢLilith Marone has consumed ГўВҖВҳOriginal Sin.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢBelleg Shusia di Tersia has consumed ГўВҖВҳOriginal Sin.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ

We managed to reset two people and even obtained one more Original Sin.

Meaning, only one person remained.

ГўВҖВңOoooooh!ГўВҖВқ

For some reason, as soon as the Original Sin dropped, Guild Master Iria AdnusГўВҖВҷs face lit up.

That was fine, but the problem was what he muttered afterward.

ГўВҖВңAhem! Finally, itГўВҖВҷs my turn...ГўВҖВқ

As the captain, I couldnГўВҖВҷt ignore that.

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean, your turn?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң.....?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҷs still one person who hasnГўВҖВҷt taken it yet.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, you mean her?ГўВҖВқ

He glanced at Auyen, who was standing next to Amelia.

But he didnГўВҖВҷt look particularly worried.

ГўВҖВңHaha, donГўВҖВҷt tease me. We werenГўВҖВҷt just feeding it to anyone randomly, right? From what I saw, you prioritized the vanguard first, then the rear. It seemed like you were choosing based on who would be most useful in the expedition.ГўВҖВқ

Wow, he figured that out?

He really does have a sharp mind, probably from his political background.

But if heГўВҖВҷs that smart, how did he miss this?

ГўВҖВңAuyen is next. Based on priority, youГўВҖВҷre dead last, buddy.ГўВҖВқ

***

Of course, there was a bit of a scuffle over the order.

Guild Master Adnus gave me a sour look...

ГўВҖВңWhatГўВҖВҷs with that look?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI didnГўВҖВҷt give you any look...ГўВҖВқ

Yeah, right.

That was definitely a look.

ГўВҖВңDo you think youГўВҖВҷre more useful to the expedition than Auyen?ГўВҖВқ

When I brought it up, Adnus responded as if heГўВҖВҷd been waiting.

ГўВҖВңAhem... I may be retired and in this state now, but IГўВҖВҷm not someone to be underestimated...ГўВҖВқ

Apparently, he was bitter about losing the priority spot to Auyen, a former navigator.

ГўВҖВңI-ItГўВҖВҷs fine. I donГўВҖВҷt mind being last...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean, itГўВҖВҷs fine?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell... Lord Adnus is far more accomplished than I am...ГўВҖВқ

That annoyed me a bit.

Whether she was saying it to avoid conflict or out of genuine humility, I didnГўВҖВҷt like seeing my member act like that.

I spoke firmly.

ГўВҖВңAuyen, youГўВҖВҷre a member of our Anabada Clan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd heГўВҖВҷs not. What more is there to think about?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf thereГўВҖВҷs nothing else, take it. Adnus will get the next one.ГўВҖВқ

Yeah, even cold water has an order.

ГўВҖВңThis discussion is over. We donГўВҖВҷt have time, so no questions.ГўВҖВқ

I quickly ended the matter, and Adnus didnГўВҖВҷt say anything more.

He knew it too.

That in here, my word is law.

ГЈВҖВҢAuyen Lokrov has consumed ГўВҖВҳOriginal Sin.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢFire Resistance permanently increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

With AuyenГўВҖВҷs reset complete, we could move on with lighter hearts.

ГўВҖВңW-WeГўВҖВҷre suddenly moving so leisurely, arenГўВҖВҷt we?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs just your imagination.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңN-No, I really think weГўВҖВҷve slowed down... and weГўВҖВҷre getting farther from the portal... DidnГўВҖВҷt we say weГўВҖВҷd use it in the worst case?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEveryoneГўВҖВҷs tired. DonГўВҖВҷt whine in a tough situation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңS-Sorry. I didnГўВҖВҷt mean to upset you.ГўВҖВқ

Good.

ShouldГўВҖВҷve said that from the start.

Sometimes you really have to put your foot down.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs pick up the pace.ГўВҖВқ

After that, we resumed our swift movements and continued hunting, and eventually, we managed to reset Adnus as well.

ГЈВҖВҢIria Adnus has consumed ГўВҖВҳOriginal Sin.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ ГӮВ 

ГЈВҖВҢFire Resistance permanently increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

And then, some time laterГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВңUp there!ГўВҖВқ

Someone shouted, and when I looked up, I saw a black portal forming.

Not that it was anything surprising...

ГўВҖВңAgain, huh.ГўВҖВқ

ThatГўВҖВҷs also one of the effects of [The Final Day].

Besides meteors and lightning, it occasionally spawns portals that spit out random monsters...

ГўВҖВңWonder whatГўВҖВҷll come out this time.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEveryone, stay alert! According to Yandel, monsters up to Rank 2 can appear!ГўВҖВқ

As soon as the portal appeared, everyone formed up and prepared for battle.

And then...

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs small?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA small-type?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDoesnГўВҖВҷt look very strong.ГўВҖВқ

Finally, the shape of the monster emerged from the portal.

ГўВҖВң.....e?ГўВҖВқ

The monster screamed as it fell to the ground.

[UwaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhГўВҖВ”!!!]

ThudГўВҖВ”!

[Oww... my butt...]

Rubbing its sore backside, the creature muttered in Ancient Language.

[Still, it worked! I really made it here! Yahoo! My magical quantum mechanics extraction-conversion trajectory research was correct!]

Wait, is this even a monster?

I couldnГўВҖВҷt tell, but the excited creature suddenly noticed us and jumped in shock.

[Eeeek!!!]

ГўВҖВң........ГўВҖВқ

[W-Who are you all...?]

ThatГўВҖВҷs what I wanted to ask.

Speaking Ancient Language and all.

[What the hell are you?]

[Huh? I-IГўВҖВҷm Arta...?]

[...

Arta?]

A hidden piece I didnГўВҖВҷt know about.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 810 ---

Chapter 810: Hidden Story (2)

Arta Secret Base.

And the Mechanical Beast Arta, who appears there as the Final Boss.

'This can't be a coincidence.'

My instincts as a Gamer who has played [Dungeon & Stone] for nearly ten years tell me.

That the two couldn't possibly just share the same name.

'Could it be that using 'The Final Day' on this island is the condition to meet this guy?'

As of now, I can't know.

So, I'll have to find out from now on.

"Raven, use a Barrier spell."

"Suddenly? You told me not to use it because of the mana consumption."

"This time, I think we need to talk for a moment, even if it means bearing the cost."

"I understand."

Receiving the order, Raven immediately cast a dome-shaped barrier around us.

A sort of umbrella, perhaps?

Kwwaaaaaa-!

Flash-!

Krrrrrumble-!

A translucent curtain blocking the meteorites and lightning falling from the sky.

Okay, now the environment for a quiet talk is set-.

[Oh, this is interesting.

A language system similar to the common tongue, yet different...

Still, seeing that some of you speak the common tongue, it must not have been completely lost? Well, the language doesn't matter much anyway.]

Just then, the man who was observing us muttered something.

"Activate Mental Will communication."

It was from that moment that his words began to sound different.

"Now, can you hear my words?"

"...!"

"Huh? Can you understand him, Marone...?"

"Yes? Yes, I don't know what it is... but I can hear his words. Even though my mind recognizes it as a different language..."

At Marone's reaction, the man asked cautiously.

"Excuse me... uh... is this your first time with Mental Will communication...?"

"Yes? Ah, yes. I don't know what it is, but I've never even heard of such a thing."

"Hoo. Seeing your attire, I thought that might be the case. It seems many technologies have been lost. Please don't be alarmed. We've simply connected the frequency circuits emitted by your brainwaves so that we can 'understand' each other's words. It... it's only natural to feel unfamiliar at first."

The man, who had introduced himself as 'Arta', said this and then shifted his gaze beyond the barrier Raven had cast.

And...

"Indeed, this is the world's last day. Isn't it exactly as I imagined...!"

The man's eyes shone as he looked at the outside world where meteorites and lightning poured down.

From suddenly popping out of a mysterious portal, he was suspicious in more than one or two ways, but despite that, he didn't feel particularly threatening.

And why would he...

"Hehe... with these research results, I won't have to worry about next year's budget...!"

First, his appearance, the way he spoke, what he was wearing...

The aura the man himself exuded, while a bit gloomy, felt harmless.

"Hey, you said your name was Arta?"

"... Yes? Ah, yes. I was distracted for a moment. But who are all of you? If it's alright, could you please tell me what the current situation is-."

"We'll be the ones asking the questions."

"Ah...! Yes! I suppose you all must be curious as well. I will answer everything you ask. In return, may I make one request? Ah! It's nothing grand, so please don't be so wary!"

"... Go ahead."

"If I provide you with all the answers you seek, could you also answer my questions? To be honest, I am also very curious about this situation, hahaha..."

What's with this guy?

Is he actually hiding his power?

I was slightly flustered by his bold attitude, which contrasted with his frail appearance, but getting information came first, so I readily nodded.

"Alright, I promise."

"Well then, please ask. What are you curious about?"

"Who are you?"

"As I introduced myself earlier, my name is Arta. Currently... no, should I say in the past? Anyway... I am a Chief Researcher at the Empire's First Magi-Tech Research Institute. Haha, it's not a boast... but above me, there are only the Deputy Director and the Director."

"Research Institute...?"

For a moment, that word reminded me of something, and as I furrowed my brow, the man showed his curiosity.

"Oh, do you know of our institution?"

Well, not really.

It's just that something comes to mind.

"By any chance, is it a Research Institute that used monsters as Test Subjects to create living weapons?"

"Pardon? We are not such a place. Our Research Institute is, so to speak, at the forefront of Magi-tech development. While weapons are made using our research data, we are not a Research Institute for making weapons."

Hmm, so that's how it is...

After all, the place I explored on the Underground First Floor was officially called the Panthelion Research Institute.

Not something like 'Magi-tech' this or that.

"Anyway, so what is a great guy like you doing here?"

"What else would a researcher from a Research Institute do? Research, of course."

"I don't have time, so stop playing with words."

"Ah... I suppose from your perspective, time must be short. To explain it simply so that a non-expert can understand... the research we were conducting was the observation of future Spacetime."

"Spacetime observation?"

"Yes, observing the future to change the present... That is the core of our research."

"... Not the past?"

"Haha! It seems you're talking about time travel. It was concluded a long time ago that changing the present through the past is impossible. That's why we decided to focus on the future."

What, so the research was a success, and this guy flew to the future? Is that the setup?

'All sorts of things appear in this fantasy world...'

It's absurd, but I get the setup itself.

"So, would it be alright if I asked just one question in the middle of this? To be honest, I've been dying of curiosity since a while ago."

"......"

"What year is it here now?"

So the setup is that we're people from the future.

***

RPG is short for Role-Playing Game.

Literally, it means a game where you play a role.

Broadly speaking, what I'm doing now is no different.

If you proceed with the story according to the concept, the episode is bound to end someday, and at its end, there is always a sweet Reward.

Therefore... now is the time to get clues to advance the story.

Having made that judgment, I continued to converse with the man for a long time, gathering information.

This isn't a game where you can just hold down the spacebar to skip dialogue and have it all neatly summarized in the quest window.

"The Year of the Dawn...? It can't be...! You're saying the era name itself has changed?"

"The world was once destroyed by a Witch, and now only a single city-state ruled by the Rafdonia Royal Family remains... Truly astonishing...!"

"Ah, you think I already knew the situation here? Haha... that is somewhat true. The time coordinate I designated was the end of infinite time, literally The Final Day!"

"Pardon? Why did I do such a thing? Isn't it obvious! I was curious about the end of the world I lived in!"

"Ah? Haha! You ask if I'm not scared? It's fine. If my heart stops or I'm in a dangerous situation, I can return to my original timeline at any time. The best Magi-tech researchers, who can revive anyone as long as they haven't died, are on standby there."

"Pardon? You ask why there are Magi-tech researchers and not Priests? Don't tell me Magi-tech has been lost here?"

"But then, why did the world become like this? According to what you said earlier, didn't the Witch who once tried to destroy the world already die?"

Through the conversation, Arta gained information about our side, and we, in turn, were able to hear Arta's story.

And to conclude...

"To think the end of the world really exists... I must find the cause of this apocalypse and a way to stop it. People of the future! Will you help me? If you help me, I will return to the past and find a way to prevent this tragedy!"

The quest content was roughly like this.

Well, the most important thing here is the Reward.

"... What will I give you as a Reward? Don't you want to stop the apocalypse? I have nothing I can give you..."

Hmm, so the Reward comes in a different way?

Like there's a treasure room that you can only enter with him, or something like that.

"It was a joke. If we fail, the world ends, so what does a Reward matter? I'll do anything if it can help stop this apocalypse."

"I knew it, I knew you were joking!"

Thus, the talk about the Reward ended on a lighthearted note.

"From now on, let's talk while we move."

"Yes, that's fine. I don't have much permitted time either."

"Permitted time?"

"Ah, I didn't mention that. The time I can stay here is limited. So, I must gather as much information as possible within that time and return."

"If you can't return within that limited time, what happens then?"

"That's unlikely to happen. Well, in that case, I would also face The Final Day here with you."

"I see."

I brushed it off as if it were simple curiosity.

I can't just tell him outright, can I?

That if no special situations or rewards appear while I'm taking him around, I'm considering forcibly preventing him from returning.

'Maybe if he can't go back, the real quest begins.'

Since this is a Hidden Element I've never encountered while playing the game, I judged that I should try everything I can.

"Raven! Dispel the magic now!"

Afterward, I had Raven release her Barrier spell and began to seriously tour the island again.

And, at the same time.

"Excuse me. You're Mr. Arta, right?"

Raven, who hadn't been able to join the conversation because she was concentrating on her magic, also began to seriously talk to Arta, and the conversation proceeded...

"Mr. Arta?"

"......"

"Perhaps. You don't want to talk to me?"

"Ah, it's not that... I'm a bit shy around strangers..."

"But you were talking just fine with Mr. Yandel?"

"......"

I was concentrating, hoping for some useful information to come up, but so far, all that's been revealed is that Arta is shy in front of women.

And...

"I'm also interested in Magi-tech. Could you tell me a little about it?"

"Oh! You're so beautiful, and you're interested in Magi-tech?! Is that true!"

"... Pardon? Ah, yes, that's right..."

"Haha! Please ask anything. I will answer you...!"

It seems Arta has a weak spot for women who are interested in Magi-tech.

'Okay, so from now on, if there's anything to dig up, I should just have Raven do it.'

I listened to the conversation a bit more after that, but the talk was all about Magi-tech, which sounded like a foreign language, so I skipped it.

However, since it was a good thing for Raven's knowledge to increase, I didn't stop them and just focused on conquering the island.

And...

[Over 50% of the monsters in the area have been defeated.]

[The Divine Power of the Ancient Beast is weakened.]

[Over 60% of the monsters in the area have been defeated.] [The Divine Power of the Ancient Beast is weakened.]

[Over 70% of the monsters in the area have been defea...]

When about 70% of the island had been cleared.

"Ahem... I, I'm sorry but... now is not the time for this. I must focus more on gathering information about this time period."

"Uh..."

"D-Don't worry! I'll find a way to save you, Miss Raven, no matter what...!!"

It seemed Arta was slowly coming to his senses, as he ended the Magi-tech talk and returned to his main business.

"Um... you said your name was Mr. Yandel, right? You said the cause of the apocalypse is a Beast, so why aren't we going there?"

Ha, to think he's only asking that now.

Just how weak is he to women who are his type?

It was absurd, but I answered him anyway.

"It's because the Beast weakens only after we defeat the island's monsters."

"Ah. I see."

"Did you find out anything while looking around?"

"Um... I'm not sure yet."

Right, of course.

He was too busy excitedly chatting with Raven.

"Ah! But there is one thing I found out!"

"What is it?"

"The center of the island, where the Beast that caused the apocalypse is said to be! I'm detecting some kind of powerful, unknown Magic Wave from there."

A Magic Wave...

Could it be a hidden space that I failed to discover in the game?

Or is it simply the boss's location?

Well, either way, I'll find out soon enough.

[Over 90% of the monsters in the area have been defeated.] [The Divine Power of the Ancient Beast is removed.]

Because now, I'm planning to go to the Boss fight.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 811 ---

Chapter 811: Hidden Story (3)

'Memory of the Apocalypse'

A Hidden Field accessible through Skull Island.

In truth, this place was originally supposed to end after defeating the Beast, the boss of the island I called Doom Island.

But if you find the hidden elements, you can enjoy additional content.

For example...

If you leave the island and go to the Arta Secret Base, you can proceed with the Sniktura Raid.

After that, you can accept a Quest to defeat the Beast, the boss of Doom Island, and return to receive an additional Reward.

And if you refuse the additional Reward there, it opens up the Raid for the true boss, Mechanical Master Arta...

'I planned to skip the Arta Raid, so there's no need to think about it.'

In reality, the only content left on this island is the second stage: defeating the Beast and obtaining the additional Reward.

Ah, of course, that would be the case if it weren't for this guy.

"Hmm, at first I thought it was due to the difference in mana concentration, but now I see that the very nature of the mana in the air is peculiar. This kind of arrangement is a structure that usually only appears when artificially created..."

Just what is this guy?

Could there have been a hidden chapter on this island besides the final one where you fight the mechanical beast Arta?

A Gamer's intuition says that's highly likely.

And because of that...

"I'll have to return to the original timeline and find the island at these coordinates to know for sure. If the original island also has this arrangement, it could simply be seen as a characteristic of the island itself."

Since I couldn't be sure, I listened carefully to every one of his lines.

That's usually how it is, right? Most hidden elements in a game often start from a minor comment by an NPC.

'Well, in his case, I honestly don't even know what he's talking about.'

Mana, arrangement, concentration... no matter what he says, there's no way I, who am not even a Mage, could understand.

But I do know that the correct path is to take him and finish the Beast Raid first.

The reason is simple.

"The center! We must hurry to the center! Only by observing that place can we confirm the definite difference when we return later-"

This guy, he keeps trying to send us in that direction.

"Don't be so impatient. It's not like it'll appear right away just because we go to the center."

"Pardon?"

"Just know that it is what it is-"

Just as I was about to finish my sentence.

[Groooooooooooowl!]

The Beast's howl covered the entire island.

A ferocious cry echoed from all directions, making it pointless to determine its origin.

Character has entered the radius of [Song of the End].

I hurriedly stopped moving and shouted.

It was much sooner than I had expected, but.

"Prepare for battle!!"

The beast has appeared.

***

The boss of Doom Island, the Beast.

The method to summon it is very simple.

Because if you stay within its territory for a long time, it appears naturally.

For reference, there were no other summoning methods.

At least, that's how it was in the game I played.

"To your formations...!!"

That's why, even as we quickly formed a battle formation, a little doubt arose.

'...

It appears as soon as we enter?'

In fact, this never happened when I played the game.

No matter how fast I was, I had to wander around its territory for at least an hour or two before it appeared.

But for it to be summoned the moment we stepped inside.

"Oh...! Can it be that the beast has appeared?"

As expected... is this this guy's influence?

Well, that's not what I should be thinking about right now.

"Alright, from now on, stay over there."

"Yes, understood!"

First, after sending Arta to the safe rear.

Thump-!

My body, quickly heated up before the battle, headed for the front line.

And then...

"Hoo..."

As always, I calmed my body by steadying my breath.

It was like a habit athletes have before a match.

After exhaling a long breath like this, I somehow feel a little calmer...

Squeeze-

I believe.

That feeling of having become calmer will raise the odds of victory, even if only by a little.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrumble-!

"It's coming...!"

Soon, the ground undulated like a wave, and with lava surging through it, the 'Beast' revealed itself from within.

Kraaaaaaaaaaaash-!

From now on, every minute and every second is important.

And for good reason, because its aura skill, [Song of the End], has a very peculiar effect.

All time is accelerated.

It's only a one-line explanation, but as you can see from ability-battle manga, most abilities are more broken the simpler and shorter their descriptions are.

And the [Song of the End] is no exception.

Time remaining until death.

22:50:43.

From now on, the remaining time for the status effect [Terminal] will decrease several times faster.

Character continuously takes fire damage, and the said fire damage is amplified over time.

The field effect [Eternal Scorching] is the same.

A time when even the 'Orb of Fire', which halves the damage, becomes unbearable will arrive much faster.

Therefore, in my original exploration plan, I had set a fixed time for this Raid.

'30 minutes.'

The maximum is 30 minutes, and if I judge it will take longer, it's considered a Raid failure, and we will flee without looking back.

'...

Though that's unlikely to happen.'

The Beast, it's true that it's a difficult boss, but it's much easier than the Serpent of the End, Sniktura.

Ah, of course, on the premise that I know the strategy.

"Oh.. Bjorn!! Is that the one!!"

Seeing the Beast appear in front of her, Ainar shouted in a strangely excited voice.

After seeing its bones on Skull Island, she'd been singing about wanting to catch it later, and it seems she wasn't just talking.

'Still, I thought she'd be a little intimidated seeing it in person.'

Having activated [Giant Form] first, I covered my upper body with my Shield and stared at the beast beyond it.

Height, about 9 meters.

A size large enough to comfortably fit into the 'colossal' category by monster classification standards.

Its skeleton is a bit similar to the Lord of Chaos Riakis.

In that it walks on two legs and has a large tail.

From a Modern Person's perspective, it's like a dinosaur.

[Groooooooooooowl-!!!!]

Soon, the beast crouched its upper body and let out a monstrous scream.

A vibration strong enough to feel the air tremble on my skin.

In truth, this isn't just a simple howl, but a proper skill.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Final Ultimatum].

For 5 minutes, the Physical Stats of all characters within the radius will gradually decrease.

If hit by this skill, physical-related stats decrease for a certain period.

It's an area-of-effect Debuff, but the reduction value is low, and the 5-minute time limit is quite long, so this skill alone isn't that valuable, but...

All time is accelerated.

When combined with this effect from [Song of the End], it becomes a sufficiently broken skill.

"Ugh.. what is this! My strength is draining... I keep hearing strange noises too...!"

A skill that would normally take 5 minutes now only takes a mere 1 minute to reach full stacks.

Moreover, since it's a skill with no cooldown, you can assume the effect lasts for the entire battle.

Well, it's not like I didn't bring a way to counter it.

"Ugh... do we have to fight like this?"

Hah, she's at it again.

I definitely explained everything during the exploration plan briefing.

"Raven!"

At my short call, Raven cast a spell she had prepared in advance.

Arua Raven has cast the Fifth-Rank Curse Magic [White Sound].

Character's hearing is temporarily paralyzed.

As soon as the spell took effect, a silence fell over us, like wearing earplugs in a quiet room.

A state of perfect silence where I couldn't even hear rustling or my own breathing.

The reason for casting this spell is simple.

[Final Ultimatum] has been lifted.

Casting this spell lifts a Debuff that cannot be removed by any Magical Tool, Consumable, Divine Spell, or Purification-Type Ability.

And surprisingly...

"......"

I don't actually know the principle behind it either.

For a Gamer, that's not what's important, is it?

A Gamer who values efficiency doesn't ask questions.

They simply use it because they can.

'So it works in reality too.'

During the game, I happened to discover that using this spell would lift that Debuff, and at the time, I thought it was a bug.

But, after actually entering the city of Rafdonia and exploring the Labyrinth countless times, I came to know.

There are no such things as bugs in that game.

'Still, it feels good.'

In truth, it would be a lie to say I wasn't worried at all.

If this hadn't worked, I would have had to give up on the Raid and run.

Shhh.

After entering silent mode due to the magic, we continued the Raid by communicating through hand signals as promised.

Just like this.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Knot of Destruction].

For a certain period, damage taken is greatly reduced, and upon completion of the cast, stats are greatly increased in proportion to the damage taken...

Raising a clenched fist means stop dealing damage.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Devour].

Waving an open hand back and forth means everyone except me dodges.

Belleg Shusia di Tersia has cast [Horn of Souls].

When Summoned Creatures strike the same target, they inflict additional damage.

Raising an index finger means only the ranged positions attack.

Ainar Fenelin has cast [Focused Shot].

Erwen Fornachi di Tersia has cast [Rupture].....

Raising the index and middle fingers together means both ranged and melee attack.

And then...

Shhh.

Raising the middle finger like this.

----!!!

--!! -

--!! -

--!

They each use their ultimate skill to unleash their maximum Focused Fire.

However...

'Is it because I can't hear anything?'

It definitely feels a bit dull, but the Raid proceeded smoothly nonetheless.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Earth Tremor].

Phase 1 ended.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Horn of the End].

We also safely passed Phase 2, where it summons a near-army's worth of Summoned Creatures.

The Ancient Beast has cast [Return].

There were no major problems in Phase 3 either.

If I had to pick a dizzying moment, it would be when Ainar was hit by lightning and got Stunned, nearly causing us a major setback.

'18 minutes to get this far is plenty of time.'

And so, 18 minutes after the battle began, we entered the final phase, Phase 4.

The Ancient Beast's HP is below 20%.

It slowly recovers its lost Divine Power.

Phase 4 has two major characteristics.

The first is that the 'Divine Power' it had sealed by wiping out the island's monsters recovers over time.

And the second is...

The Ancient Beast has cast 'Power of Annihilation'.

The first Divine Power it uses is always locked onto the 'Cursed One'...

Wow, Power of Annihilation right from the start?

Surprisingly, the most powerful Divine Power was used right from the beginning.

A target-type Instant Kill Skill with no casting time, impossible to dodge or block.

---!

A formless mist bloomed from the Beast's body and silently moved towards its target.

Ah, the target, as I said before, is already decided.

The one who got the 'Cursed One' title by delivering the Last hit to the boss on Skull Island was none other than...

the Guild Master, Iria Adnus.

Of course, I didn't plan this Raid with the intention of using the Guild Master as a sacrifice.

It's not like I'm some kind of vicious Barbarian.

Anyway, the first Divine Power isn't fully recovered, so its effect is very minimal.

Well, it gets stronger later on.

"......!!!"

Anyway, even if she gets hit by that, she won't 'instant death' right away.

It's just that something she has will be 'annihilated'...

"...?"

I wonder what it could be.

What did the Guild Master lose after being hit by that?

A regenerable body part?

Her gear?

Or perhaps a part of her Essence?

Hurriedly turning to check on the Guild Master, I let out a silent gasp without realizing it.

'Ah...'

Lava, meteorites, lightning, and more.

Was it because there were many things acting as a light source nearby?

A Halo of Light, reflective as a mirror.

'So that can happen too...'

Her hair was annihilated.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 812 ---

Chapter 812: Hidden Story (4)

The Guild Master's hair disappeared.

Not just his sideburns or any specific part, but all of it.

It had 'disappeared' so cleanly that his scalp was smooth and shiny.

'...

That turned out well.'

I forced myself to look away and find the positive side.

You know how it is.

When two people look at a cup that's exactly half-full, one will think there's not much left, while the other thinks there's still this much left.

In the grand scheme of life, the latter mindset is more beneficial.

Well, in this case, the expression 'turned out well' was actually fitting.

'It's a bit unsightly, but... if it just ended with his hair, it's a huge gain, isn't it?'

No matter how I thought about it, losing his hair was a much smaller penalty than losing the equipment he was wearing, or having some of his Essence's skills or stats removed.

Hair will just grow back, after all.

However, I would absolutely hate to go bald myself...

'Behel-Laaaaaaaaa!!'

I roared as I charged forward.

My companions, including myself, couldn't hear it anyway.

But at least that bastard would.

[ГўВҖВ” ГўВҖВ”!!! !.]

Indeed, as if in response to my war cry, the beast opened its maw wide and roared.

Well, I couldn't hear the sound, but.

'Ugh, saliva...

I always feel this way, but getting splattered with saliva is more disgusting than blood.

But there was no time to wipe my face, so I charged on with it dripping down.

And....

KraaaaaashГўВҖВ”!!!

After blocking another one of the beast's basic attacksГўВҖВ”a creature several times my sizeГўВҖВ”with my Shield.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ

I activated the use effect of the armor I obtained outside the Fortress Wall, not in the Labyrinth.

ГўВҖВ”!

Instantly, the beast's pupils dilated.

It must have been surprised.

As if a Viking Warrior suddenly appearing before it, larger than itself, wasn't enough.

ГўВҖВ”!!!

Who would have imagined I'd smash a Greatsword down on the crown of its head?

'I hope it likes this, though.'

Because the reflected damage from the Dragon Armor is proportional to the damage I've accumulated from taking a beating for eighteen minutes.

ГЈВҖВҢReflecting accumulated damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

I'm just returning what I received.

***

It didn't take long for the Beast raid to come to a complete end.

After we unleashed all our focused fire for three minutes on the Beast, which was on the verge of death due to the Dragon Armor's damage reflection, it soon lost its strength and collapsed to the ground.

However, if I had to point out one thing that happened during that process...

ГЈВҖВҢThe Ancient Beast has cast 'Divine Power of Mutation'.ГЈВҖВҚ

Just a tick before it was defeated, the beast used its Divine Power one more time.

And surprisinglyГўВҖВҰ.

"....!!!"

The Guild Master was chosen as the target again.

Unlike the first time, he was chosen randomly this time, not fixed...

..

Does this even make sense?

Getting picked twice was strange enough, but the effect was also truly unbelievable.

'...

He turned into a woman.'

The Guild Master with the shiny head's bone structure became slender, and he was given all the external features of the female gender.

To put it simply, he had become the female version of Iria Adnus...

"ГўВҖВ”? ГўВҖВ”!!!"

I'm curious what he's trying to say.

Swish, swish.

When I gestured to her, Raven seemed to understand and dispelled the magic affecting all of us.

"Wh-what is this situation...! Ah, ah, first my hair... and now my, my, my chest, why is it like this...!!!"

"That's not the only thing that's changed."

At my reply, the now-female Iria Adnus took out a mirror to check his reflection and was utterly shocked, but I didn't have time to console him at length.

"Calm down. Your hair will grow back."

"That's not the problem...!!"

"Are you discriminating against women right now?"

"No, this isn't discrimination, it'sГўВҖВ”!!"

"Don't worry. You'll return to normal after some time."

"... Is that really true?"

"Yes, I swear it on my Warrior's Honor."

I considered pretending not to know and teasing him, but I figured he'd just be a nuisance throughout the expedition if I let him be, so I quickly confessed the truth.

After all, we have things to do now that the hunt is over, don't we?

"Oh, I can hear again!!"

"But. Is it really over, meow...?"

"It doesn't seem to be moving..."

"More importantly... the Guild Master..."

"Don't say it. He can hear you..."

The members looked at the fallen Beast with doubt, and a few were slightly anxious.

I can't say I don't understand.

"You can lower your guard. It's all over."

"But why... isn't the corpse disappearing, meow...?"

Ah, that? It's simple.

For some reason I don't know, this 'Beast' thing is classified as an Unranked monster.

Even in the game, you didn't get any Experience Points for killing it, and its corpse wouldn't disappear even without casting Distortion Magic.

Except for when it dropped an Essence.

"Ah... So that means no Essence dropped, huh..."

Hearing my explanation, Misha licked her lips in disappointment.

Well, it's not like I wasn't disappointed either.

The Beast's Essence could have been Misha's graduation Essence if she got it.

'If the Essence had dropped this time, I could have immediately fed her a linking Essence...'

Of course, this doesn't mean we have to come back to this island several times to try again.

That would be incredibly time-consuming, and besides, since the dual-wielding frost swordsman is a core part of my strategy, there are multiple types.

Type A, which uses the Beast's Essence as its core.

Type B, which uses other Essences as its core.

'There's also a Type C, but its potential is low, so it's best to put it on the back burner...'

This game has such a low Drop Rate for Essences that you have to be flexible with your build and grow through various combinations like this to reach the Gate of the Abyss.

'It's a shame... but it's not a complete loss.'

It's not as good as an Essence, but this thing's corpse is valuable enough on its own.

For example...

"What are you all doing! Get to skinning it!"

As for its hide, its entire body has performance comparable to Drake leather, which is a Tier 4 material.

"D-Drake leather, you say? The one that's famously expensive...?"

"I heard that for Drakes, only the hide on their back is usable, but to think the entire hide of this huge monster is comparable..."

"Then how much is it worth...?"

Well, if we sell it all, we should get enough money to buy one or two Third-Rank Essences, I think...

But it's too early to be surprised

"Be especially careful when skinning the head. That part is on par with Ogre leather."

"Huk...! Are you saying it's a Tier 5 material...?"

"And for the bones, make sure to take the skull. If you make a sword from it, it'll be as hard as Adamantium."

"... Now I see, this thing really was a treasure."

It was a colossal monster, not a size that one or two people could butcher, but with a truckload of skilled explorers, the looting was finished quickly.

The skull bones.

The hide.

The heart and various other byproducts that Raven set aside, saying she wanted to research them.

After we packed everything we could, I saw Arta, who had just been staring blankly at the process.

"Ah, right, she was here too."

Her expression was strange, so I quickly approached and spoke to her.

"Is something wrong?"

"... It's strange."

"What is?"

"If this Beast was truly the cause of the apocalypse... all of you should have died here. No, even if you didn't die, you should have failed. I came along in the first place to find a clue to stop the apocalypse by observing that process."

What, so you were just watching from the back, thinking we were all going to die?

"... So what are you trying to say?"

"... That it's just too strange...! My research was on conceptualizing time to derive coordinates. And that research succeeded, bringing me here to today, 'The Final Day'."

"I get it, so get to the point."

"If you all were victorious... then why is today The Final Day?"

Having said that, Arta stated with conviction, not doubt.

"I'm sorry, but the Beast you just defeated... is not the cause of this apocalypse."

Hmm, how strange.

The Mechanical Beast Arta in the secret base across the sea said this was the cause.

But another Arta with the same name is saying it's not.

"Then what is the cause?"

"That's what we need to find out now."

"How?"

"That powerful Magic Wave I mentioned earlier... at first, I thought it was coming from the 'Beast' you spoke of, but it wasn't. I can still feel that wave even now that the Beast has been defeated."

"So you want to go there and check it out?"

"Yes, that's right. I don't have much time left."

"Understood. Let's depart immediately."

There was no time or reason to hesitate.

I had anticipated that something hidden would appear after we dealt with the Beast.

It also seemed like she had a specific place she wanted to take us to.

"How much time is left?"

I checked that first, but time was tighter than I'd thought.

"Well... for some reason, the time has decreased drastically since that Beast appeared..."

Ah, it's because of [Song of the End].

Does this mean I should send her far away during the next raid?

The thought crossed my mind, but I wondered if I'd ever use this Hidden Piece again.

To be honest, I still don't really know the conditions for her to appear.

In the first place, I don't understand why [The Final Day] was even used.

Therefore...

"I know everyone's tired, but hang in there a little longer. We're moving at full speed from now on."

After quickly packing up all the spoils of war, we swiftly headed in the direction Arta was guiding us.

And...

"This is the place...?ГўВҖВқ

"Yes, I can feel a very strong Magic Wave from here. Let's go in!"

Surprisingly, the place we arrived at was a cave with a Portal.

'There shouldn't be anything hidden here.....'

Honestly, I was a bit puzzled.

Because I was confident that I had thoroughly searched this cave while playing the game.

"It's here...! Just a little further this way."

Soon, Arta announced that we had almost reached our destination, which made me tilt my head in confusion once more.

And for good reason...

"Is this really the place...?"

I thought there might be a hidden space I didn't know about, but the place we arrived at was where the Portal was.

"Let's hurry inside!"

Still, since we were here, I moved with Arta to where the Portal was.

And...

WhooooooshГўВҖВ”!!

Before long, the ominously crimson Portal came into our view.

"Huh...?"

Upon discovering the Portal, Arta immediately let out a dazed sound.

And...

"... A Portal? Why is a Portal here...? Why? What, what went wrong? This can't be..."

She seemed extremely confused.

No, Arta fell into a complete panic and started muttering to herself.

"W-wait a minute..."

Soon, Arta began to back away like a frightened person, and so I intervened.

"What's the problem? It's just a Portal."

At my question, Arta's expression grew even more bizarre, and then her eyes widened as if she'd realized something.

And...

"... I will ask just one thing."

She continued, her voice much calmer than before.

"By any chance, is this place I'm in... a Labyrinth?"

At that question, I too was dumbfounded.

What is this situation now?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 813 ---

Chapter 813: Hidden Story (5)

NPC.

Non-Player Character.

In game terms, Arta was clearly an NPC.

No, to be precise, a Hidden PieceГўВҖВҰ

In the words of this world, should I call it 'Gabrielius's Arrangement'?

Anyway, that's not what's important.

"By any chance, is this place I'm in the Labyrinth?"

I was genuinely surprised by Arta's words.

It was only natural.

Whether a Hidden Piece, an Arrangement, or an NPC, anything belonging to the Labyrinth could not be free from the 'law'.

In short, monsters cannot cross through a Portal to move to another floor.

The same went for monsters or NPCs that could hold a conversation.

Not only could they not move between floors, they even believed this world within the Labyrinth to be the 'real world'.

[It has been a long time since I've seen a living being.

Where have you all come from?]

The Vampire of the Bloodstained Fortress was like that.

[You curs of the Empire, consumed by greed.

Today, I shall punish you.]

The Knight of the Apocalypse I met at the White Temple was also like that.

[...

This place is a Labyrinth.

I was exploring this Labyrinth when I met you.]

[The Labyrinth... what is that?]

The Vampire I met again on the Underground First Floor.

The Duke, presumed to be the original version of Cambormir, was not much different in this regard.

That was why, when I spoke of the history of the 'current time', I intentionally made no mention of the Labyrinth.

But what was with this guy?

[As I introduced myself earlier, my name is Arta.]

[I am a Chief Researcher at the First Magi-Tech Research Institute!]

[Haha, it's not a boast, but... above me, there are only the Deputy Director and the Director.]

It certainly seemed like he believed this world within the Labyrinth was his own.

"What do you mean, is this place the Labyrinth?"

"It's just as I said. Please answer me, is this very place where I'm standing inside the Labyrinth?"

This guy knew of the existence of the 'Labyrinth'.

Well, I'd have to find out if the Labyrinth he knew and the Labyrinth I knew were one and the same.

"... What is the Labyrinth?"

"May I take that to mean you know nothing about the Labyrinth?"

Hmm, well...

For some reason, I had a hunch that if I just said yes, the conversation would end right there.

So, I deliberately gave a meaningful answer.

"Well, that depends on your answer."

With those words, I gave off an air of someone who would absolutely not show his cards first.

Arta stared at me for a moment, then quickly continued speaking.

"The Labyrinth is an Artificial Dimension created through the Power of Origin. We can create the laws of the world. Within the Labyrinth, anything can be newly created, and we can freely move to any place we wish to go. And the 'Portal' was a means of transportation within the Labyrinth devised by our Empire."

Arta's rapid-fire explanation was difficult to understand, but despite that, a chilling feeling coexisted, making my heart drop for some unknown reason.

"... The Empire created the Labyrinth?"

"That is correct. His Majesty the Emperor desired, through this Labyrinth, an eternal Life, absolute Divine Power, and a perfect, flawless world like a paradise, eternally controlled beneath him."

"......"

"Because God is a being with far too many flaws."

It was confusing.

Honestly, I didn't quite understand even as I was listening.

I couldn't tell if what this guy was saying was true, or if it was just part of his lore.

However, there was one thing I became curious about.

It might be a very trivial thing to ask in this situation, but...

"But why call it a Labyrinth?"

"... I cannot understand the meaning of your question."

"No, I mean, if you wanted to create a world like paradise, why is its name 'Labyrinth'?"

"I do not know why you are curious about that, but I will answer you."

Arta continued without the slightest hesitation.

"There is always an answer at the end of the Labyrinth."

"......?"

"It is an old proverb that has been passed down since long before my time. And His Majesty spent his entire life searching for an answer to save this world. In accordance with His Majesty's will, this grand project to build a paradise through an Artificial Dimension was given the name 'Labyrinth'."

"......"

"On the day the Sweat of Knowledge you have shed leads us to the end of this Labyrinth, we will finally head toward an eternal paradise. This is part of a speech His Majesty gave when he visited our Research Institute. Does that answer your question?"

"... It's enough."

"Now, please give me your answer."

Arta looked at me and asked once more.

"Is this place inside the Labyrinth?"

Well...

Honestly, I still didn't know for sure.

No, if anything, I was even more confused than before.

But...

"Yes, it is inside the Labyrinth."

A fact was a fact.

After I let the affirmative answer out.

A long silence followed.

Arta was silent, his mind seemingly complex, and I left him undisturbed.

And after a moment..

"......"

"......"

What broke the long silence was neither me nor Arta.

It wasn't the tactless Ainar, nor was it Raven with her thriving academic curiosity.

Beep-beep-beep-beep, beep-beep-beep-beep-

An alarm sounded in a regular pattern.

The sound originated from within Arta's clothes.

As I naturally turned my gaze, Arta also ended his thoughts and opened his mouth.

"It means the time to return is imminent."

"I see."

I answered as if indifferent, but inwardly, I was pondering.

Should I leave him be and talk more during the remaining time?

Or should I put the thought I had a while ago into practice and forcibly prevent him from returning?

Of course, the latter option was one I intended to pursue inevitably if no special situations or rewards appeared while I had him with me.

'Well, it is that kind of situation.'

The only thing that had changed from back then was me.

At that time, I was focused only on rewards and events, but not anymore.

It was now judged to be far more important than such rewards.

The 'story' this guy held.

It might even be helpful in uncovering the secrets of this world.

'For that reason, knocking him out would be-.'

Just as I finished my internal conflict and was about to make a decision.

"Stop."

Arta suddenly cut off my thoughts.

As if he could hear my thoughts.

For a moment, I wondered if he had a Magical Tool for mind-reading or something similar, but thankfully, that wasn't the case.

"When observing the future, I sometimes meet people with eyes like yours."

"ГўВҖВҰI wasn't thinking anything."

"Haha, if that's the case, then I'm relieved. I have experienced this many times, and accordingly, I am prepared with various countermeasures for different situations."

Was he telling the truth?

I couldn't know, but him saying it to my face like that was quite effective.

It made me much more hesitant.

'What should I do...?'

The internal conflict I thought was over deepened once again.

If this were a game, I wouldn't have needed to think for long.

Whatever happened, I could just try again later-.

"How about you let go of your greed and use this little remaining time usefully? For all of us, both you and I."

At that moment, Arta interrupted my thoughts again, speaking as if making a suggestion, and I just honestly revealed my true intentions.

Right, honesty is a Barbarian's virtue, isn't it?

"I don't know about you, but what's in it for us?"

"Because I know why today is 'The Final Day'."

"... What?"

"I didn't know before, but thinking of this place as inside the Labyrinth made it easy. Why something like this happened."

"... Fine, let's talk."

After much thought, I decided to choose the peaceful method.

After all, his tone and expression had changed 180 degrees, as if his previous clueless attitude was just an act...

There were many things that gave me pause before jumping at him.

For one, his claim of having countermeasures didn't seem like a lie.

Unless I was certain of a way to break through those countermeasures, it was risky to make a move when I didn't even know what hidden cards he had.

Therefore...

"Since we don't have much time, let's be fair. How about we ask one question each?"

"Fine."

Even the method of conversation was decided.

Coincidentally, it was a method of conversation I was very familiar with.

From Auril Gavis, to Lee Baekho, the Round Table, and so on...

For some reason, this kind of situation had happened often since long ago.

The people here all wanted a lot, but none of them wanted to lose a thing.

...

Not that I was any different.

'It's a shame I don't have Twisted Trust...'

After using the last charge last time, I had been trying to keep a spare, but it was such a rare item that I hadn't been able to get one in advance.

'Well, I don't even know if it would work on him in the first place.'

So, that was enough of that regret.

"Then I'll go first-."

"No, I'll go first."

"... Please be quick."

And so began my turn.

The first question was already decided.

But I didn't know what kind of shocking answer might come back...

[Continue what you were about to say.

Why is today 'The Final Day'?]

From now on, it would be safer to conduct the conversation using the 'Ancient Language' for security.

Fortunately, as if he understood my intention, Arta turned off his translation device and answered.

Ah, of course, it wasn't the answer I wanted.

[Ask another question.]

[What?]

[Do not worry.

I do not mean that I will not answer, but simply that we should delay the order a bit.]

[Why must we do that?]

[Because it is highly probable that only then will you be able to properly understand what I am saying.]

I was suspicious that he might be playing some trick, but it didn't seem like he was just saying it, so I simply accepted.

[Alright, then I'll ask again.

What is the name of 'His Majesty' you mentioned earlier?]

It was a question I threw out, wondering if the name of the Immortal King or the Dawn King might come up.

[I have never heard that name before...]

But unfortunately, the name of 'His Majesty' he mentioned was one I had never heard before.

'The dynasty name is different too, so is it completely different from the Rafdonia Kingdom?'

Anyway, that was the first question.

[Then it is my turn.]

This time, it was his turn to ask a question.

As always, I listened to the question with intense focus.

After all, in conversations like this, the question itself is information.

What would this guy be most curious about?

Finally, his mouth opened, and the answer revealed itself.

[Bjorn Yandel, have you ever personally seen a being from another dimension, or perhaps heard of such a being?]

The moment I heard that question, my mind went blank.

Because there was nothing.

It was only natural, not even a guess came to mind.

[Please answer.

It is a very important matter.]

...

Why on earth was this so important to him?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 814 ---

Episode 814: Hidden Story (6)

A question about beings from another dimension.

The question itself wasnГўВҖВҷt particularly strange.

After all, in Rafdonia, the existence of ГўВҖВңevil spiritsГўВҖВқ was already widely known.

The problem, however, was...

ГўВҖВҳThe fact that those words came out of the mouth of someone claiming to be from the pastГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

While I hesitated, Arta narrowed his eyes sharply.

[Answers that come after long hesitation tend to be mixed with lies.]

He didnГўВҖВҷt say it outright, but from my perspective, it sounded like he could end the conversation at any moment.

So...

[I was just surprised.

I had no intention of lying.]

[Then answer.

We donГўВҖВҷt have much time.]

Time was short, so I couldnГўВҖВҷt afford to think too long.

[ГўВҖВҰYes.

They exist.]

I gave a quick confirmation and moved on to the second question.

[How did you know that?]

I wanted to ask if evil spirits existed in the past too, but I held back.

From experience, itГўВҖВҷs best to avoid questions that canГўВҖВҷt be answered with a simple yes or no.

[Is that a question?]

[Yes, it is.]

[I didnГўВҖВҷt know.

I just guessed it might be the case.

If I had known, I wouldnГўВҖВҷt have asked.]

[That kind of vague attitude is a bit troublesome.]

When I clearly voiced my complaint, he seemed to acknowledge it to some extent and quickly added an explanation.

[ГўВҖВҰWhile conducting the Labyrinth Project, unexpected variables occasionally occurred.

We discovered unidentified creatures that we had never created within the labyrinth.

Their appearance was completely different from ours, but they possessed intelligence.

After long research, our team came to a conclusion.

These ГўВҖВҳunidentified creaturesГўВҖВҷ were beings from another dimension.]

[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰI see what youГўВҖВҷre saying.

But thenГўВҖВ”]

[I believe thatГўВҖВҷs enough of an answer to your question.]

ГўВҖВҰWell, the explanation was long enough.

I shouldnГўВҖВҷt push my luck here.

[Then may I ask a question now?]

[ГўВҖВҰGo ahead.]

[Please explain what you know about the world outside the labyrinth.]

That wasnГўВҖВҷt a difficult request.

If I went into detail, it would take forever, but the general structure was simple enough.

The royal family, Noark, the labyrinth and magic stones, explorers, witches.

That much was enough to explain the basic worldview, and since I had already given a rough explanation about everything except the labyrinth last time, it didnГўВҖВҷt take long.

[Hmm, so youГўВҖВҷre saying youГўВҖВҷre explorers who delve into the labyrinth and supply resources to a closed-off city.]

[You understood well.

Then itГўВҖВҷs my turn now.]

As Arta nodded, I brought up my next question.

[What exactly is this ГўВҖВңPower of OriginГўВҖВқ?]

In a way, this might be the core of everything.

From what IГўВҖВҷd heard, it seemed to be the power source of the labyrinth.

[It is a power that exists in every dimension.

Our empire discovered the Origin by chance, and after long research, we found a way to harness the power that leaks from it.]

[ThatГўВҖВҷs vague.

Be a bit more specific.]

[By using the Power of Origin, we can create new artificial dimensions.

However, itГўВҖВҷs not infinite.

The more we use it, the more it depletes.]

[What happens when itГўВҖВҷs all used up?]

I asked the question lightly, as if fishing for a bonus answer, but surprisingly, Arta answered coolly.

[YouГўВҖВҷll see for yourself.]

[ГўВҖВҰ..?]

[The end of a dimension will come.

Just like now.]

ГўВҖВҰI think IГўВҖВҷm starting to understand something.

***

The conversation with Arta continued.

He kept asking questions about our world, and I did the same about his.

And then...

[I think IГўВҖВҷve waited long enough.

Tell meГўВҖВ”why is today the ГўВҖВңFinal DayГўВҖВқ?]

[YouГўВҖВҷre in a hurry.

Before I answer that, may I ask one more thing?]

[ГўВҖВҰGo ahead.]

The order was a bit off, but this much was fine.

[Have you ever met or heard of a beingГўВҖВ”no, an intelligent entityГўВҖВ”that defines or refers to itself as ГўВҖВңArtaГўВҖВқ?]

As soon as he asked, I scanned the surroundings.

I had no idea how he knew that.

Maybe one of the other members had slipped up?

But...

[It seems I donГўВҖВҷt need an answer, but could you confirm it anyway?]

[ГўВҖВҰYes.]

[As I thought.]

Upon hearing my confirmation, Arta fell into deep thought with a serious expression.

I couldnГўВҖВҷt help but ask.

[ГўВҖВҰHow did you know that?]

In a way, it was the same question as before.

The more we talked, the more I felt like I was being led around.

Every time I tried to ask something, the conversation shifted.

Anyway, the answer came right away.

[The reason I knew about another ГўВҖВңArtaГўВҖВқ is simple.

I had been planning such a project myself.

Though it seems I ultimately failed.]

[ГўВҖВҰAre you saying that you and that Arta are the same person?]

[I canГўВҖВҷt say weГўВҖВҷre 100% the same, but probably very close.

Could I meet him?]

[Consider that your next question, and IГўВҖВҷll answer in advanceГўВҖВ”itГўВҖВҷs impossible.

Even by boat, it would take several more hours to get there.]

[I see.

Then IГўВҖВҷve gotten all the answers I wanted.

And it seems time is up.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat?]

I had just agreed to take one more question in a row.

And now he was trying to leave?

I instinctively reached for my hammer, feeling like IГўВҖВҷd been tricked.

[So now, just listen to what I have to say.

ItГўВҖВҷll be much more helpful to you.]

[ГўВҖВҰYouГўВҖВҷd better make it quick.]

[First, once IГўВҖВҷm gone, go to the other Arta and tell him about me.

Try to get as much information as you can.

HeГўВҖВҷll know far more about how history unfolded than I do.]

[And?]

[Second, if you make it back to Rafdonia alive, go to the coordinates IГўВҖВҷm about to give you.

IГўВҖВҷve hidden something there that might help.]

HeГўВҖВҷs hiding something in Rafdonia?

Is that even possible?

I couldnГўВҖВҷt understand it.

Is he an NPC, or a real person?

If thatГўВҖВҷs really possible, then this situation canГўВҖВҷt just be dismissed as a hidden piece in the labyrinth...

ГўВҖВҰWell, IГўВҖВҷve got the coordinates now.

IГўВҖВҷll just have to check it out later.

Yeah, so...

For now, letГўВҖВҷs set aside these headache-inducing thoughts and focus on the thing thatГўВҖВҷs been bothering me.

[ГўВҖВңIf you make it back aliveГўВҖВқ? What do you mean by that?]

[Ah, I didnГўВҖВҷt explain that, did I?]

[There were many obstacles during the Labyrinth Project, but the biggest one was something else.]

Arta spoke without much emotion, but I couldnГўВҖВҷt stay calm as I listened.

[The biggest obstacle wasnГўВҖВҷt the beings from other dimensions threatening us, nor the terrorist attacks from hostile forces opposing the project.

It was simply a phenomenon.]

[A phenomenonГўВҖВҰ?]

[We havenГўВҖВҷt identified the cause yet, but several times during the Labyrinth Project, the dimension twisted, and the research teams were completely wiped out.]

Uh...

This bastard is talking about dimensional collapseГўВҖВҰ

[Earlier, you asked why today is the ГўВҖВңFinal Day,ГўВҖВқ right?]

I couldnГўВҖВҷt say anything in response.

[ThatГўВҖВҷs the answer to your question.]

So what heГўВҖВҷs saying is...

Today, a dimensional collapse will occurГўВҖВҰ

[Uh, uh...]

My mind went completely blank, and I couldnГўВҖВҷt think of anything.

And then, while I stood there like a foolГўВҖВ”

Beep-beep-beep, beep-beep-beep, beep-beep-beepГўВҖВ”!

An alert sound came from inside ArtaГўВҖВҷs coat again.

Beep-beep-beep, beep-beep-beep, beep-beep-beepГўВҖВ”!

This time, the sound was even more urgent.

As soon as it rang, Arta rushed toward me.

And then...

[Third, changing the future is not an impossible task.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat? Do you even know what youГўВҖВҷre sayingГўВҖВ”]

He didnГўВҖВҷt even give me time to speak.

[Now, this is the last thing.

Remember this.

Normally, beings from one dimension cannot enter another.]

Arta grabbed my forearm and spoke quickly.

And then...

[The only time a being from another dimension can enter isГўВҖВ”]

FlashГўВҖВ”!

That was the end of the conversation.

***

Not much had changed after the world flashed.

The thunderbolts and meteors from AmeliaГўВҖВҷs [Final Day] were still falling, and even after killing the beast, the island continued to erupt with lava as if it would explode at any moment.

Only one thing had changed.

ГўВҖВҳAt least finish your sentence before disappearingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Arta, who had been talking with me just moments ago, had vanished from sight.

"......."

"......"

The other members, who had been quietly observing since the conversation in Ancient Language began, were still looking at me, trying to figure out what was going on.

In that strange silence, I took a moment to gather my thoughts.

Changing the future, beings from other dimensions, hiding rewards in the city...

Setting aside those far-off ideas, the most important thing right now was this:

ГўВҖВҳA dimensional collapse is going to happen.ГўВҖВҷ

It occurred to me that maybe the conditions for meeting Arta from the past were these two:

When a dimensional collapse occurs.

When [Final Day] is used on this island.

Of course, itГўВҖВҷs just a theory.

I canГўВҖВҷt be sure itГўВҖВҷs correct.

But if it is...

Then the moment [Final Day] ends, the dimensional collapse will beginГўВҖВҰ

ThereГўВҖВҷs still some time left.

Not a lot, but enough.

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs no way we have time to go down to the fifth floor.ГўВҖВҷ

If Arta was telling the truth, then today we would face the first dimensional collapse on the sixth floor.

So, thereГўВҖВҷs only one thing to do right now.

"Auyen, how long would it take to get back to Arta Island from here?"

"We canГўВҖВҷt go as fast as we did coming here. We pushed too hard on the way."

"Just tell me thisГўВҖВ”can we make a round trip in under nine hours?"

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWith the current ship, itГўВҖВҷs impossible. We used up most of the magic stones getting here. And medium-sized ships consume far more soul power than small onesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

"I see."

"ActuallyГўВҖВҰ I do have a small ship I prepared earlier. If we use that, and I push my ability to the limit, we might just make it in timeГўВҖВҰ"

"And the problem?"

"It can only carry a maximum of three people."

"Then thatГўВҖВҷs fine. Me and Auyen will go. The rest of you stay here."

As I made the decision quickly, Amelia raised an objection.

"Wait a minute, thereГўВҖВҷs still one seat left. Why are only the two of you going?"

"WeГўВҖВҷre not going there to fight. If a battle breaks out, it wonГўВҖВҷt matter whether there are two or three of us."

"But stillГўВҖВҰ"

"We donГўВҖВҷt have time. ThatГўВҖВҷs the end of the discussion. Emily, stay here and prepare."

"ГўВҖВҰPrepare for what?"

I gave a bitter smile at her question.

Even I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure what kind of preparation I meant.

ГўВҖВҳMaybeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

This might be the hardest expedition yet.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 815 ---

Episode 815: Hidden Story (7)

A small three-person boat cut through the waves with force.

With all sorts of buffs from a professional navigator.  

[Auyen Rob casts [Tailwind].]  

[Auyen Rob casts [Trade Route].]  

[Auyen Rob casts [Ghost Ship]...

In terms of speed alone, it wasnГўВҖВҷt much different from the main ship our entire clan used to ride.

ButГўВҖВ”shaaaaaaaГўВҖВ”!!  

In reality, this thing felt several times faster.

Well, of course...

Thud! Splash! Thud!  

Maybe because itГўВҖВҷs small?  

The ride was absolutely terrible.

Every time it hit a wave, it didnГўВҖВҷt just shakeГўВҖВ”it literally flew into the air like a dolphin.

I can say for sure, if Ainar, who claimed to have overcome seasickness, were on this boat, sheГўВҖВҷd throw up everything in her stomach within a minute.

Just like I was doing now.  

ГўВҖВңUgh! Uweeeeeeegh!!!ГўВҖВқ  

Damn it, Barbarians are weak to the sea.  

ГўВҖВң... Should I slow down a bit?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңN-No... absolutely not. DonГўВҖВҷt slow down.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ  

How is Auyen still fine in all this?  

Even a normal person would be seasick on this thing, let alone a Barbarian.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like navigators have skills or stats that help with seasickness... ГўВҖВңUweeeeegh!!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВң... J-Just hang in there! WeГўВҖВҷre almost there!ГўВҖВқ  

Almost there, huh...

I feel like IГўВҖВҷve heard that line a dozen times already.

At first, it gave me hope.

Now, it just feels hopeless.

Yeah, so...  

ГўВҖВҳThink.ГўВҖВҷ  

Like the first day I stepped on a goblin trap and crawled across the cave floor.

If I keep my mind on something else, weГўВҖВҷll get there eventually.

But the seasickness made it hard to think straight.

Mechanical Beast Arta and Human Arta.

Past, present, and future.

Labyrinth Project.

Empire and Kingdom.

Dimensional Collapse...

All the information IГўВҖВҷd gathered during this expedition swirled in my head, tangled like a mess.

It felt like I almost understood something, but not quite.

Still, I had this gut feeling that if I could untangle this mess, IГўВҖВҷd find all the answers.

And that last thing he tried to say kept bothering me...

Even with my head about to explode, his words and expression kept popping up.  

[Remember this.

Normally, beings from one dimension cannot enter another.]  

[The only ones who can enter another dimension areГўВҖВ”]  

He seemed like he was about to say something really important...

Not hearing the end of it was driving me crazy.

This isnГўВҖВҷt even the second method to piss someone off.  

ГўВҖВҳEnough.ГўВҖВҷ  

I forcibly twisted the runaway train of thoughts.

Because thatГўВҖВҷs not whatГўВҖВҷs important right now.  

ГўВҖВҳDimensional Collapse...ГўВҖВҷ  

Right now, the top priority is figuring out how to survive this impending disaster.

They said a Floor Lord had been summoned on the sixth floor, right...?  

Please, let the raid end before the collapse begins.

If not, that thing will become a terrifying variable.

Maybe I shouldГўВҖВҷve gone out and tried to find a mage who could use a dimensional gate?  

That thought crossed my mind, but I decided not to dwell on it.

Finding a mage who could use a dimensional gate in this vast sea-like floor within half a day was nearly impossible anyway.  

ГўВҖВҳArta.ГўВҖВҷ  

I couldnГўВҖВҷt shake the feeling that there was a very important secret hidden in this guyГўВҖВҷs story.

So before I left, I had to find out what it was.  

ГўВҖВңCaptain, weГўВҖВҷve arrived...!ГўВҖВқ  

Phew, so weГўВҖВҷre finally here.  

ГўВҖВңYeah, good jobГўВҖВ”Uweeeeeeeeegh!!ГўВҖВқ  

I was already completely drained.

***

[Your character has entered a Special Zone.]  

[Field Effect - Arta Secret Base is now active.]  

[All hostile actions are prohibited within the field.]

***

Pipes and hatches covered the walls.

Handles.

Magic circuits that looked like wires were lined up everywhere in ArtaГўВҖВҷs Secret Base.  

[...]  

But even after entering the base, no voice could be heard.

SoГўВҖВ”  

ГўВҖВңArtaaaaaa...!ГўВҖВқ  

I shouted with all my strength from my gut, and soon a flustered voice replied.  

[Ah? Ah...! YouГўВҖВҷre finally here! I didnГўВҖВҷt get to see you fight the beast due to a device malfunction, but when the signal disappeared, I figured you had defeated it...!]  

ГўВҖВңHow about coming out and saying thanks in person?ГўВҖВқ  

[Ah, yes, that would be proper, but I need to restore the lab firstГўВҖВ”]  

ГўВҖВңDo that later. Come out first. I have something important to say.ГўВҖВқ  

[What are you talking about...? What could be more important than restoring the lab? Have you forgotten? Only by restoring this lab can we prevent the end of the worldГўВҖВ”]  

What is he even saying?  

I pulled out one of the ГўВҖВҳbyproductsГўВҖВҷ from the beast I had slain, making sure it was clearly visible.  

ГўВҖВңIf you donГўВҖВҷt have this, restoring the lab is pointless anyway, right?ГўВҖВқ  

[...

Are you threatening me?]  

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not a threat. ItГўВҖВҷs persuasion. So leave the lab for now and letГўВҖВҷs talk.ГўВҖВқ  

[...

Fine.

Speak.

WhatГўВҖВҷs so urgent?]  

ГўВҖВңWouldnГўВҖВҷt it be proper to talk face-to-face at this point?ГўВҖВқ  

[...

ThatГўВҖВҷs difficult.]  

ГўВҖВңWhy? Because youГўВҖВҷre not human?ГўВҖВқ  

There was a pause before the speaker responded.  

[...

Do you know what I am?]  

Of course I do.

IГўВҖВҷve seen you plenty of times in the game.

If you keep progressing the story normally, there comes a point where Arta asks for the byproduct from the beast.

At that point, the player is given a choice.

And the choices are very simple:  

1. Give it.

2. DonГўВҖВҷt give it.

If you choose option 1, you hand over the byproduct and thatГўВҖВҷs it.

Afterward, if you talk to him again, he just repeats lines like ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt bother me, IГўВҖВҷll handle it, now leave.ГўВҖВқ  

And because of the [Time Limit], youГўВҖВҷre forced to leave the secret base, the door closes, and you can never enter again.

In short, if you choose the reward, the story ends there.  

ГўВҖВҳWell, even if you choose option 2, there isnГўВҖВҷt much story either.ГўВҖВҷ  

If you choose not to give it, Arta reveals his form as a Mechanical Beast and a battle begins.  

ГўВҖВҳThe difficulty is on par with a ninth-floor Floor Lord.ГўВҖВҷ  

Naturally, I got wiped out on the first try.

I just didnГўВҖВҷt have the specs.

Turns out, Mechanical Beast Arta is a raid boss ranked even higher than Sniktura or the Beast.

Eventually, I had to come back with tenth-floor level specs just to barely win.

And even then, it took dozens of tries.  

ГўВҖВҳThe problem was... the reward wasnГўВҖВҷt even that great.ГўВҖВҷ  

The reward was a single Mechanical Beast Heart, whose exact use was unclear.

Sure, you could consume it as an elixir to greatly boost your stats, or use it as a top-tier magic core equivalent to a Dragon Heart.

So yes, it was a valuable reward.

But still...

It didnГўВҖВҷt feel like a reward worthy of defeating a ninth-floor Floor Lord.

So after my first successful clear, I dug deeper into the story, thinking there must be a proper use for the heart I didnГўВҖВҷt know about...

And thanks to that, I learned a few things.  

[Answer me.

Do you know what I am?]  

Well...  

ГўВҖВңAt the very least, I know you didnГўВҖВҷt want this to stop the apocalypse.ГўВҖВқ  

I threw out a vague line, and he took the bait.  

[DonГўВҖВҷt tell me... are you a Pilgrim?]  

Pilgrim.

In the historical sense, it refers to the traitors of humanity who sided with the witches.

Actually, he asked this question early on too.  

[Who are you? Are you Pilgrims?]  

[...

You still havenГўВҖВҷt answered my question.

Who are you? Are you Pilgrims?]  

For the record, I answered ГўВҖВңNoГўВҖВқ back then.

Because he has a way to verify it, and as a player, thereГўВҖВҷs no way to pass that verification.

But why does he keep asking if IГўВҖВҷm a Pilgrim?  

I was suspicious, but I didnГўВҖВҷt show it.

Because the moment I asked, it would be as good as answering.

HeГўВҖВҷd just go, ГўВҖВңHmm, I see youГўВҖВҷre not a Pilgrim,ГўВҖВқ and drop the topic.

So for now, I shelved that subject.  

ГўВҖВңHow about we talk face-to-face before continuing this conversation?ГўВҖВқ  

[...]  

ГўВҖВңI really just want to talk. If we finish the conversation, IГўВҖВҷll give this to you.ГўВҖВқ  

It sounded gentle, but it was basically saying, ГўВҖВңIf you refuse, youГўВҖВҷre not getting this.ГўВҖВқ  

Thankfully, Arta seemed to understand.  

[...

Fine.]  

His tone softened, and  

a door opened.

ChiiiiikГўВҖВ”!  

Even amidst the labГўВҖВҷs destruction and malfunctioning doors opening and closing randomly, this one door had never opened.

Now, it opened, and he appeared.

Clank, clank.

With metallic sounds no human body could make.  

[IГўВҖВҷve come out as agreed.

Now speak.

What do you want from me?]  

Now comes the important part.

***

Height: 190 cm.

Appearance: Think of a robot based on a human from a sci-fi movie.

But this one had a weird design...  

ГўВҖВҳSeeing it in person, itГўВҖВҷs really creepy.ГўВҖВҷ  

His arms, legs, and torso were pure machine, with exposed metal frames.

But his face was disturbingly human.

Like someone had stretched human skin over a machine.

Why is only the face human?  

I couldnГўВҖВҷt understand it, but hey, everyone has their preferences.

Ah, but heГўВҖВҷs not humanГўВҖВ”heГўВҖВҷs a machine.

Anyway, the important thing is this:  

ГўВҖВҳSeeing him in person, itГўВҖВҷs definitely the same face.ГўВҖВҷ  

The Arta from the secret base and the researcher Arta I met earlier were the same person.  

[Speak.]  

Now that we were face-to-face, his voice still came through a speaker, not vocal cords.  

[You donГўВҖВҷt seem like a survivor of the fallen empire.

So what exactly are you?]  

ГўВҖВңWell, what do you think I am?ГўВҖВқ  

[...

I wonГўВҖВҷt answer.]  

ГўВҖВңThen I canГўВҖВҷt give this to you so easily. DidnГўВҖВҷt you come out here to talk?ГўВҖВқ  

At my words, Arta stared at me.

His slightly red pupils, like camera lenses, gave off an eerie vibe.

It felt like the chip in his head was calculating whether it was more efficient to take it by force or continue the conversation.  

[ThereГўВҖВҷs not enough information.

Unless you reveal it yourself, everything about you is just speculation.]  

ГўВҖВңStill, if you had to guess?ГўВҖВқ  

[Calling you a Pilgrim... lacks sufficient evidence.

Tell me, who are you?]  

He asked again, and I shrugged and answered.  

ГўВҖВңWhether IГўВҖВҷm a Pilgrim or not doesnГўВҖВҷt matter.ГўВҖВқ  

I had already prepared a line that would not only spark curiosity but also win his favor.  

[That sounds like youГўВҖВҷre saying youГўВҖВҷre not a PilgrimГўВҖВ”]  

Okay, time to cut him off.  

ГўВҖВңChief Researcher Arta of the EmpireГўВҖВҷs First Magi-Tech Research Institute.ГўВҖВқ  

[...?]  

ГўВҖВңI was sent here by your past self.ГўВҖВқ  

[......!!]  

Whether human or machine, thereГўВҖВҷs no way he could ignore that.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 816 ---

Chapter 816: Hidden Story (8)

As expected, or perhaps I should say, just as I predicted.

Even Arta, with the heart of a machine, couldnГўВҖВҷt help but react to the bait I threw.

[The nation of the pastГўВҖВҰ?]

ГўВҖВңArta, you must have some idea, right? DidnГўВҖВҷt you come here once when you were still human?ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰBut back then, I never encountered beings like youГўВҖВ”]

ГўВҖВңOf course you didnГўВҖВҷt.ГўВҖВқ

[ThenГўВҖВ”]

ГўВҖВңYour past self said something. That changing the future isnГўВҖВҷt entirely impossible.ГўВҖВқ

Maybe that was the keyword.

Arta fell silent for a moment, as if calculating, then slowly opened his mouth.

[ГўВҖВҰThat this moment has changed because of my actions in the past.

ItГўВҖВҷs not entirely impossible.

But on what basis should I believe your wordsГўВҖВ”]

ГўВҖВңI think youГўВҖВҷre misunderstanding something.ГўВҖВқ

I cut him off again.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm not asking you to believe me.ГўВҖВқ

I held the quest item he wantedГўВҖВ”Beast ByproductГўВҖВ”in my hand and stared at him.

IsnГўВҖВҷt that right?

As long as I have this, he has no choice but to answer my questions.

SoГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhether you believe me or not doesnГўВҖВҷt matter. I just want the information I came for. ThatГўВҖВҷs all. But isnГўВҖВҷt it the same for you?ГўВҖВқ

When I shook the Beast Byproduct and said that firmly, he surprisingly agreed right away.

[What do you want to know?]

It seemed he decided to figure out what I wanted based on the questions I askedГўВҖВҰ

That didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

ГўВҖВңFirst, tell me your story. What really happened on this island? And what happened after you returned to the Empire?ГўВҖВқ

I had to hear it.

There might be something hidden in the story I didnГўВҖВҷt know.

[Your question is broad, but IГўВҖВҷll answer it.]

ГўВҖВңGood attitude.ГўВҖВқ

[When I observed the future, designating it as the Final Day, there was nothing left on this island.

Only a dimension on the verge of collapse, its source broken.]

ГўВҖВңThere werenГўВҖВҷt even any beastsГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

[The presence or absence of the beast was the biggest difference I noticed when observing the future.

May I continue?]

ГўВҖВңGo ahead. I wonГўВҖВҷt interrupt.ГўВҖВқ

[After finishing my observation, I spent a long time pondering the cause of the apocalypse.

I concluded it was deeply connected to the ГўВҖВҳLabyrinth ProjectГўВҖВҷ the Empire had been conducting.]

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

[Indeed, the cause of the apocalypse was the Labyrinth Project.

The larger the world inside the labyrinth grew, the more the source power of the higher dimension diminished.]

Oh, I see.

ГўВҖВңBut whatГўВҖВҷs a higher dimension? Ah, sorry for interrupting again.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰSimply put, itГўВҖВҷs a world that feels more real.]

ГўВҖВңYou mean the real world?ГўВҖВқ

[The concept is a bit different, but you can think of it that way for understanding.]

ГўВҖВңThen continue.ГўВҖВқ

Arta, still standing without any gesture, continued speaking.

[The first problem occurred when the labyrinth grew larger than the higher dimension.

It didnГўВҖВҷt collapse, but errors began to appear in the higher dimension.]

[When I witnessed that horrifying sight, I insisted the Labyrinth Project must be stopped immediately.

But my plea was ignored.]

[The Empire didnГўВҖВҷt care what happened to the higher dimension.

Their goal was to create a paradise, and that paradise was inside the labyrinth.]

[In the end, the Empire completed the Labyrinth Project and successfully migrated the entire Empire into the labyrinth.]

[But I did not leave.

I abandoned my soul and became a vessel of knowledge, preparing for the inevitable apocalypse.

I believed that when the higher dimension perished, the labyrinth would collapse as well.]

ГўВҖВңSo thatГўВҖВҷs how we got to this pointГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I thought the story was wrapping up and added a comment, but Arta shook his head firmly.

[No, that too is a story of the past.]

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

[The higher dimension met its end, and I couldnГўВҖВҷt stop it.

So I had no choice but to enter the labyrinth as well.]

Wait, I donГўВҖВҷt understand this at all.

ГўВҖВҳLetГўВҖВҷs just listen for nowГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

It didnГўВҖВҷt seem like the right time to interrupt, so I kept my mouth shut, and Arta continued.

[The world beyond the labyrinth was an exact replica of the land where I was born and raised.

A perfectly duplicated world.

Except for a few powerful individuals, even the residents didnГўВҖВҷt know it was a labyrinth.]

[Of course, there were differences from the original world.

To create a more perfect world, the Emperor created four systems.

These were worshipped as ГўВҖВҳgodsГўВҖВҷ by the people and governed the world.]

[But then the second problem arose.]

[The labyrinth was not the paradise the Empire had envisioned.

At least not after the higher dimension ended.]

[As if triggered by the end of the higher dimension, errors began to occur throughout the labyrinth.]

[One of the four systems created by the Emperor went rogue and became an enemy.

The EmperorГўВҖВҷs absolute authority over the labyrinth weakened significantly.

Moreover, monsters the Emperor never created began appearing all over the worldГўВҖВҰ]

[And most of all, the Witch of the Land was born.]

The moment I heard that, it felt like someone blasted the back of my head with a shotgun.

ГўВҖВңW-Wait a secondГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, IГўВҖВҷd heard too much at once and couldnГўВҖВҷt fully process itГўВҖВҰ

But if I understood correctlyГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңLet me pause for a second to sort this out.ГўВҖВқ

So what heГўВҖВҷs saying isГўВҖВҰ

If the Witch of the Land first appeared in the labyrinthГўВҖВҰ

Then that means Rafdonia is also a labyrinth?

***

After I called for a timeout with Arta, quite a bit of time passed, but the shock still lingered in my mind.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHonestlyГўВҖВҰ when I think about it, itГўВҖВҷs not really my concern, is it?ГўВҖВҷ

This kind of mindset is necessary at times like this.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like he made it up.

Right?

ItГўВҖВҷs not even the world I originally lived in.

ItГўВҖВҷs not Earth, but some far-off otherworld, so what does it matter if itГўВҖВҷs a higher dimension or not?

ГўВҖВҳStill, it was a bit shockingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Phew, thinking it through like this helps me recover my mental state.

ГўВҖВңAlright, go ahead and continue. The Witch of the Land was born, and then what happened?ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I pressed the unpause button, Arta resumed his story as if heГўВҖВҷd been waiting.

[There was a war between the Empire and the Witch.

A lot happened, but to summarize, the Empire lost.

For me, that wasnГўВҖВҷt a bad thing.

I believed that if the Empire disappeared, the apocalypse would end too.]

[But belief is just belief.

It can never be certainty.]

I agreed with that sentiment.

ThereГўВҖВҷs a big difference between 100 and 99.

[So I observed the ГўВҖВҳFinal DayГўВҖВҷ once more.

For some reason, it wasnГўВҖВҷt much different from what IГўВҖВҷd seen before.]

[I had to stop it.

So I built this base around the island and continued researchingГўВҖВҰ and after what felt like an eternity, I finally realized.]

ГўВҖВңWhat did you realize?ГўВҖВқ

[That there was no way to stop the apocalypse.]

A short sentence that completely denied everything I thought I knew about Arta Island.

With that, Arta concluded his story.

[That is my story.]

ГўВҖВңWhat? I havenГўВҖВҷt even asked the important questions yetГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

[I believe IГўВҖВҷve entertained your absurd demands enough.

From now on, I will accept only three questions.]

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs too fewГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

[There is no guarantee that our deal will be honored after this conversation.

Continuing to speak with an unknown entity could be a waste of time or result in leaking my information to an enemy.]

Wait, why did his tone suddenly change? ItГўВҖВҷs like heГўВҖВҷs about to go berserk like a machine beast in a game.

[Refusal will result in use of force, force, forceГўВҖВҰ forceГўВҖВҰ forceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

He started repeating the same word like a glitch, and a chill ran down my spine.

This guy is a raid boss on par with a Ninth-Floor Floor Lord.

If he goes berserk, itГўВҖВҷs a guaranteed dead ending.

SoГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңS-Stop! Got it! IГўВҖВҷll ask just three questions, so calm down!ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰConfirmed.

Please proceed with your questions.]

Now heГўВҖВҷs even switching to formal speech?

Has his CPU rusted from being inactive too long?

I donГўВҖВҷt know, but I quickly picked the three most important questions.

BecauseГўВҖВҰ

[Hurry, hurryГўВҖВҰ hurry, hurryГўВҖВҰ hurry, hurryГўВҖВҰ]

With him like this, how can I take my time?

ГўВҖВңFirst question.ГўВҖВқ

I spoke urgently, like someone being chased.

The four systems the Emperor created.

The existence of Rafdonia.

The lab director I saw on the first basement floor.

The unknown races the ancients didnГўВҖВҷt even know about, the monsters, the leveling systemГўВҖВ”what is this labyrinth really?

There were too many things I wanted to know, but I set them all aside.

ГўВҖВңWhat is the Witch of the Land?ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I asked, the answer came immediately.

Like reading from a dictionary.

[The Witch of the Land refers to a human woman named Elise Groundia.

She was born with the power of Origin, believed to be one of the ГўВҖВҳerrorsГўВҖВҷ caused by the end of the higher dimension.

Though she possessed omnipotent power, she had a heart far too human to be called a god.]

That wasnГўВҖВҷt the answer I was hoping for.

I asked broadly, thinking IГўВҖВҷd get a more essential answerГўВҖВҰ

[Second questionГўВҖВҰ hurry, hurryГўВҖВҰ hurryГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

Damn it.

ItГўВҖВҷs like a countdown has started.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰSecond question. What is the ГўВҖВҳRecord Stone,ГўВҖВҷ and where can I find it?ГўВҖВқ

Arguably even more important than the witch.

[ГўВҖВҰNo relevant information.]

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

[Third question.

Hurry, hurry, hurГўВҖВ”]

Wait, you just say you donГўВҖВҷt know and move on?

I felt scammed, butГўВҖВҰ

[Hurry, hurryГўВҖВҰ hurryГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

Complaining to a guy in that state wonГўВҖВҷt change anything.

Still, the fact that he doesnГўВҖВҷt know about the Record Stone is information in itself.

So I quickly moved on.

ГўВҖВңAlright, hereГўВҖВҷs the final question.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰ]

ГўВҖВңYou said earlier that you realized there was no way to stop the apocalypse. Then whatГўВҖВҷs your goal? If itГўВҖВҷs hopeless, why did you want the beast dead?ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I finished asking, Arta answered right away.

Though it was about himself, he spoke as if describing someone else.

[The beast is a being created by the Witch of the Land by modifying a ГўВҖВҳpilgrimГўВҖВҷ to protect the power of Origin.

It has no relation to the apocalypse.]

[However, Arta wanted the beast eliminated because as long as it lived, no one but the witch could touch the power of Origin.]

[Also, ArtaГўВҖВҷs goal wasГўВҖВ”]

There, ArtaГўВҖВҷs voice stopped.

After a short pauseГўВҖВҰ

[I have been a mere observer for all that time.]

His voice came again.

Still mechanical through the speaker, but somehow sounding more human than before.

Had he returned to his original state?

I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure yetГўВҖВҰ

[I only watched.

I never changed anything with my own hands.]

Then Arta said,

Looking at me with his glowing red lens.

[ThatГўВҖВҷs whyГўВҖВҰ now, things will change.]

A face like a human, but a body made of machines.

[Because it is humans who change things.]

Then Arta approached me with a clanking sound and extended his metal fingers.

[So, hand it over.]

ГўВҖВңUh, you havenГўВҖВҷt told me what youГўВҖВҷre going to do with it yet.ГўВҖВқ

[I will use it to create a new labyrinth.

If you wish to stop meГўВҖВ”]

He looked like he was about to go berserk again, so I quickly cut him off.

ГўВҖВңHere, take it. I have no intention of stopping you.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰ?]

His lens seemed to flicker with confusion at my easy compliance, but I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure.

Maybe it was just my imagination.

ГўВҖВңIs there no extra reward? I feel like you were going to give me something.ГўВҖВқ

[The time youГўВҖВҷve spent is reward enough.]

Phew, so taking this route means no bonus rewards like in a game.

ГўВҖВңIs that so? Then weГўВҖВҷll be going now.ГўВҖВқ

And with that, I ended the conversation and coolly left the secret base.

We boarded the boat we came on and quickly returned to the original island.

SwooooshГўВҖВ”!

Auyen looked like he had a lot of questions, but perhaps out of consideration, he didnГўВҖВҷt ask anything.

Thanks to that, I was able to focus and think deeply, even forgetting my seasickness for a while.

ГўВҖВҳArtaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ThereГўВҖВҷs a strange gap between human Arta and machine beast Arta.

TheyГўВҖВҷre clearly the same being, yet somehow different.

Coincidentally, I had a hunch about that gap.

He said he would create a new labyrinthГўВҖВҰ

How ironic.

BecauseГўВҖВҰ

Heh.

If IГўВҖВҷm right, that Arta wonГўВҖВҷt be able to change anything.

ГўВҖВңWhy are you smiling like that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHm?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou lookedГўВҖВҰ strangely bitter.ГўВҖВқ

At AuyenГўВҖВҷs words, I gave a small laugh and held back my reply.

And I thought.

[ThatГўВҖВҷs whyГўВҖВҰ now, things will change.]

[Because it is humans who change things.]

Where is the original Arta now?

Is he dead, or still alive, waiting for someone to slay the beast?

Did anything really change?

SwooooshГўВҖВ”!

It was a story I still didnГўВҖВҷt know the answer to.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 817 ---

Chapter 817: The Lifeline (1)

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThank the heavens you made it back safelyГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAuyen, youГўВҖВҷve worked hard too.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha. Not at all. Lady RainzГўВҖВ”no, I mean, Raines-nim. Being able to assist the Captain is my only honor.ГўВҖВқ

As we returned to the cave, the waiting members came forward to welcome us.

ГўВҖВңYandel, so did you get what you were after?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo some extent. Nothing happened here?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNothing much. JustГўВҖВҰ it was noisy and chaotic, thatГўВҖВҷs allГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I had been worried, but aside from not being able to rest properly due to [The Final Day], it seemed nothing major had occurred.

ГўВҖВңSoГўВҖВҰ what exactly is about to happen now? Honestly, IГўВҖВҷve had this really bad feeling for a while nowГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Sven Parab asked, his body trembling slightly like someone who felt a chill.

That wasnГўВҖВҷt a good sign.

Seeing him like this made me believe even more that the talk of ГўВҖВңdimensional collapseГўВҖВқ wasnГўВҖВҷt just nonsense.

ГўВҖВңYes, just as Sven Parab said. WeГўВҖВҷve only been told to prepare, but no oneГўВҖВҷs explained anything properly. I think itГўВҖВҷs time we heard whatГўВҖВҷs really going on.ГўВҖВқ

SighГўВҖВҰ Should I say it or not?

I hesitated for a moment, but not for long.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWeГўВҖВҷve received information that a dimensional collapse might occur.ГўВҖВқ

As I stated the fact plainly, silence fell over the group for a moment before noise erupted.

ГўВҖВңWhatГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDimensional collapseГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou said you received information? What does that mean? Was it that guy who claimed to be from the past?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMore importantlyГўВҖВҰ when is it supposed to happenГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Even amidst the confusion, Raven asked about the timing, and I answered honestly again.

ГўВҖВңEmily, how long has it been since you used [The Final Day]?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAbout 20 hours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen itГўВҖВҷll be in about 4 hours. Assuming the information I received is accurate.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰFour hours?! ThatГўВҖВҷs soon! Why are you only telling us now?! And why did you go all the way out there during such a critical time?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI had a good reason.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, at least explain what that reason was!ГўВҖВқ

Just as Raven was about to blow up, Amelia stepped in.

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs enough, mage.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYandel said he had a good reason. ThatГўВҖВҷs enough.ГўВҖВқ

It was a curious sight.

If Raven hadnГўВҖВҷt been here, she probably wouldГўВҖВҷve been the one grilling me.

Ah, but she only does that when weГўВҖВҷre alone, so maybe itГўВҖВҷs a bit different?

ГўВҖВңYandel is our leader. And what youГўВҖВҷre doing right now is disrupting the order of the group. If you were in the military, youГўВҖВҷd know exactly what I mean.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIГўВҖВҷm sorry. That was my mistake.ГўВҖВқ

As Amelia spoke sternly and logically, Raven seemed to realize his error and admitted it without resistance.

Is there really no one who can beat Amelia?

I donГўВҖВҷt know, but since the second-in-command had wielded the stick, it was time for the leader to offer the carrot.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt be too harsh, Emily. ItГўВҖВҷs a question everyone was probably wondering about.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo answer briefly, I got the information about the dimensional collapse before heading to the secret base. But I judged that nothing would change even if I told you then, so I went to the base to gather more information.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean by ГўВҖВҳnothing would changeГўВҖВҷ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThink about it. If a dimensional collapse is going to happen today, what can we do by rushing out now? Especially when even a Floor Lord has already been summoned on the sixth floor?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

No one had anything to say in response to that.

After a brief silence, Kaislan spoke on behalf of everyone.

ГўВҖВңSo now, do we have a plan?ГўВҖВқ

I chuckled and answered firmly.

ГўВҖВңThere is no plan.ГўВҖВқ

The conversation at the secret base wasnГўВҖВҷt about how to overcome the crisis of dimensional collapseГўВҖВҰ

In the first place, there is no proper strategy for a dimensional collapse.

But stillГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңSo what, are we all just going to die here?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre just going to face it head-on.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre explorers, arenГўВҖВҷt we?ГўВҖВқ

Just like always.

This time too, I would do everything I could to save everyone.

And if there was a dangerous spot, IГўВҖВҷd be the first to stand there.

There was no need to say such things.

No, more accurately, there was no need to.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷll always follow you, Captain.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaГўВҖВҰ What kind of dangerous stunt is he planning this timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEnough already. Just donГўВҖВҷt go rushing in again this time, okay?ГўВҖВқ

Unless it was the Guild Master or Belleg, who had just entered the Labyrinth with me for the first time, this level of trust was shared among all the members.

Ah, maybe not one of them?

ГўВҖВңHmГўВҖВҰ But didnГўВҖВҷt you try to give up everything not too long ago?ГўВҖВқ

Kaislan asked in a clearly joking tone.

It was obvious he was teasing me, but the question itself wasnГўВҖВҷt bad.

ГўВҖВңI did. So cheer up, everyone.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

Kaislan tilted his head, surprised by the unexpected response.

Regardless, I looked at everyone and said,

ГўВҖВңWhen a Barbarian says we should charge in, it means itГўВҖВҷs worth charging in.ГўВҖВқ

Even if the sky falls, thereГўВҖВҷs always a way out.

***

[You have entered the Sixth Floor: Great Sea.]

***

About four hours remained until the dimensional collapse.

We left the place of many events, ГўВҖВҳMemory of the End,ГўВҖВҷ and returned to the original Skull Island.

Ah, maybe ГўВҖВңreturnedГўВҖВқ isnГўВҖВҷt quite right?

SwooooshГўВҖВ”!!

The portal that spat us out vanished as if it had finished its job.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Darkness, like the deep sea, enveloped us.

As expected, the entire cave was filled with water, but it wasnГўВҖВҷt a big problem.

After all, if you expect something and still get caught off guard, thatГўВҖВҷs a problem with your intelligence.

FlashГўВҖВ”!

Just as instructed, Raven cast a light orb spell the moment we exited the portal, illuminating the underwater surroundings.

With our vision secured, we used hand signals to connect the loops of the ropes tied to our bodies.

This was the Anabada Dried Fish Formation.

A water-combat-specialized formation where only the person at the front needed to swim to lead everyone to the destination.

Ah, and I was at the front, of course.

Barbarians canГўВҖВҷt swim, but walking underwater is easier for us than for other races.

ThudГўВҖВ”! ThudГўВҖВ”!

Using [Giant Form], I climbed against the current like I was hiking.

Since I had already cast underwater breathing magic on all members before we entered, there was no rush due to lack of air.

ThudГўВҖВ”!

As we exited the cave, the fully submerged Skull Island came into view.

Unlike the tranquil atmosphere of the underground island Atlante, this place was far from calm.

It was like a typhoon was raging.

SwooooooshГўВҖВ”!!

Currents far more violent than in the cave.

And all sorts of debris rushing along with the current at high speed.

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷll have to change the plan.ГўВҖВҷ

Even with my [Giant Form], I couldnГўВҖВҷt withstand the swirling current and began to float.

I could barely hold onto the ground, butГўВҖВҰ

CrashГўВҖВ”!

The debrisГўВҖВ”rocks and tree-like objectsГўВҖВ”were already deadly weapons.

So, I scrapped Plan A, which was to walk to a safe spot and then summon the ship.

SwooooooshГўВҖВ”!!

I summoned the ship immediately.

And thenГўВҖВ”

GrabГўВҖВ”!

I climbed onto the summoned ship and hugged the mast with all my strength.

After all, our Anabada ClanГўВҖВҷs ship was high-level, equipped with a magic propulsion system.

It was made of top-grade wood that floats especially well and enchanted with ГўВҖВҳBuoyancy EnhancementГўВҖВҷ magic.

Which meantГўВҖВҰ

FwooooshГўВҖВ”!!

When summoned underwater, it immediately surfaced.

Like a piece of styrofoam shoved deep into water.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңPuhahhh!!!ГўВҖВқ

Soon, the world brightened, and oxygen rushed into my lungs through my open mouth.

ГўВҖВңAuyen, howГўВҖВҷs the ship?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThe sail is broken, and the magic propulsion system is heavily damaged! In this state, we can only floatГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs enough.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs long as it can float properly, thatГўВҖВҷs all we need.ГўВҖВқ

After confirming everyoneГўВҖВҷs safety, I began to observe the surroundings.

SwooooooshГўВҖВ”!

Rain poured down as if the sky had been torn open.

The sea didnГўВҖВҷt just rippleГўВҖВ”it moved with clear intent, like a tsunami.

CrashГўВҖВ”!

The meteors and lightning falling on the sea were effects of [The Final Day], so I skipped over thoseГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhy did this guy have to be summoned right before the collapseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

What we were experiencing now was all due to the abnormal phenomenon caused by the summoning of the Sixth FloorГўВҖВҷs Floor Lord.

Most Floor Lords are specialized in wrecking the entire floor they reside in.

Like this one.

[The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, awakens from a long slumber.]

As soon as this guy is summoned, rain falls across the entire sixth floor, and all the islands are submerged.

And once theyГўВҖВҷre submerged to a certain levelГўВҖВҰ

[All waves head toward the Island of Beginnings.]

Tsunami-like waves surge forth, drawing all explorers on the sixth floor to one place.

The Golden Ghost Clan probably knew this and fled without looking back before the island was submerged.

There are still a few safe islands even after the Lord of Tears is summoned.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs kind of surprising they had that kind of high-level info.ГўВҖВҷ

Anyway, thatГўВҖВҷs not what matters now.

With the ГўВҖВҳwave patternГўВҖВҷ already in motion, it was too late to find a safe spot to hide.

Not that it would matter anyway.

The dimensional collapse is going to happen regardless.

SoГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңCaptain? The magic propulsion system is broken, so we canГўВҖВҷt control the shipГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs fine. Just stay still.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI told you earlier, didnГўВҖВҷt I? As long as it floats, thatГўВҖВҷs enough.ГўВҖВқ

And so, I did nothing else and simply watched as the ship rode the waves toward the Floor LordГўВҖВҷs location.

ГўВҖВңIf we keep going like this, weГўВҖВҷll end up where the Floor Lord isГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Raven asked cautiously, perhaps still subdued from AmeliaГўВҖВҷs earlier scolding.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs fine. ThatГўВҖВҷs exactly where I want to go.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, so you had a plan all along?ГўВҖВқ

He sounded much more relieved than before.

I didnГўВҖВҷt bother answering and stayed silent, and Raven didnГўВҖВҷt press further.

Time passedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңOh! ThereГўВҖВҷs a ship over there!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey look like theyГўВҖВҷre in total chaos!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, itГўВҖВҷs only natural to panic when the entire floor suddenly floods and waves start crashing.ГўВҖВқ

Soon, we began to see other ships caught in the wave pattern like us.

Most of them werenГўВҖВҷt just sitting still like usГўВҖВ”they were desperately trying to escape in the opposite direction of the wavesГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳNot that they can actually escape that way.ГўВҖВҷ

Still, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a completely meaningless struggle.

At least it would slow down their drift.

ThatГўВҖВҷs probably why we were only now encountering them out at sea.

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҰ there are so many ships gatheredГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

As we continued riding the waves, our destination finally came into view.

SwooooooshГўВҖВ”!!

A massive whirlpool, as if sucking in all the water from the sixth floor.

And within that whirlpool, hundreds of ships spinning in a giant circle.

The clan flags on the ships were all familiar, but none of the truly famous ones were present.

Well, if they got dragged here, it means theyГўВҖВҷre small fry to some extent.

The top clans had probably already moved up to the seventh floor or escaped the wave pattern by finding safe islands as soon as the chaos began.

Not that itГўВҖВҷll matter once the collapse startsГўВҖВ”everyone will be in the same boat then.

ГўВҖВңAnabada Clan!! ThatГўВҖВҷs the Anabada ClanГўВҖВҷs flagГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

One of the passing ships recognized our flag and shouted.

ГўВҖВңAnabada Clan? ThatГўВҖВҷs Viscount YandelГўВҖВҷs, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe great explorer who defeated the Lord of Terror and inscribed his name on the Stone of Honor!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre savedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I could understand their enthusiastic cheers.

They had probably been circling here, waiting for death, ever since Phase 2 began.

To them, I mustГўВҖВҷve looked like a lifeline.

ГўВҖВңBut why? They couldГўВҖВҷve easily escaped from hereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you kidding? ThatГўВҖВҷs Viscount Yandel now, isnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҷs the hero who defeated a Floor Lord on the third floor just to save other explorers. HeГўВҖВҷs probably doing the same thing again!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe just have to follow his orders! That gives us the best chance of survival!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

Before I could even speak, they moved their ship closer to ours.

I didnГўВҖВҷt avoid them.

After all, the hundreds of ships gathered hereГўВҖВ”

That was the first reason I left ГўВҖВҳMemory of the EndГўВҖВҷ early, before the dimensional collapse began.

ГўВҖВңAre you the Captain?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes! IГўВҖВҷm Melder, Captain of the Small Hands Clan, Viscount Yandel! From now on, IГўВҖВҷll follow only you. Please give us your orders!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo need for orders. Just answer one thing.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, IГўВҖВҷll answer anything sincerelyГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDo any of you have a mage who can use dimensional gate magic?ГўВҖВқ

At my desperate question, Melder of the Small Hands Clan blinked and gave a dumbfounded reply.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

Sigh.

Yeah, of course not.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 818 ---

Chapter 818: Lifeline (2)

Whoooooosh-!

The ship was afloat on a giant whirlpool, spinning round and round.

No, to be precise, I was looking for someone.

"Oh! It's Viscount Yandel! He's here to hunt the Floor LordГўВҖВ”"

"A Dimensional Gate! Is there a Mage who can use a Dimensional Gate!!"

......

I checked with each ship we passed, but I never received a positive answer.

In truth, it wasn't unexpected.

I was only trying out of desperation, grasping at straws.

After all, Mages who could use a Dimensional Gate were extremely rare these days.

Only a handful of schools could use the modified Dimensional Gate spell, and even then, a Rank 4 Mage could only cast it once in their lifetime...

Such precious Mages had been nearly all consumed in the years-long war with Noark.

Of course, each school was diligently training Mages, but...

It was still meaningless.

A Rank 4 Mage wasn't someone who could be produced in just a few years.

You could say that the supply absolutely could not keep up with the demand.

'In a way, they're the most valuable people right now...'

Nearly every clan was desperate to find a Dimensional Gate Mage.

Even our Anabada Clan, which doesn't accept new members, had said we would make an exception for a Dimensional Gate Mage, yet not a single applicant had appeared.

No, it wasn't that there were no applicants at all, but...

They were just pranksters who wanted to see my face once.

Anyway, that's not important.

"For Viscount Yandel to be looking for a Dimensional Gate Mage..."

"Is the Lord of Tears that terrifying of a monster? Enough for that battle maniac to think of running away first?"

"The Royal Army! Where in the world is the Royal Army!! If something like this has happened, they should have come looking for us!!"

Perhaps because I had been asking around about a Dimensional Gate Mage, I had unintentionally caused a misunderstanding among the other explorers.

'Hmph, if I had enough time, I wouldn't be doing this either.'

Even if I had left right after hearing about the Dimensional Collapse, I wouldn't be able to defeat the Sixth Floor Lord.

Just look at the situation now, right?

The wave pattern isn't even over yet, so we're just spinning in this whirlpool until Phase 2 begins.

"The rain... has stopped...?"

The downpour that had been pouring as if there was a hole in the sky suddenly stopped.

And...

Whoooooosh-!

As a fierce wind began to blow, the sky opened up.

Strictly speaking, it wasn't the sky, but the clouds that parted, allowing light to stream in.

But anyway.

ShaaaaaaaГўВҖВ”!

The gloomy clouds disappeared, and intense sunlight poured into the center of the whirlpool.

Like a spotlight on a stage.

A pillar of light that felt all the more brilliant and sacred in contrast to the dark surroundings.

"Woah..." "......"

Explorers could be seen here and there on the decks of the surrounding ships caught in the current, staring with their mouths agape.

Of course, not everyone was like that.

"Dammit..."

"What is everyone doing! Snap out of it!"

It goes without saying, but few among them would know exactly what that pillar of light meant.

But even so, rather than losing themselves in awe, they were wary of the unidentified pillar of light.

They knew from experience.

That the thing to be most cautious of within this Labyrinth was the 'unknown'.

"Something is comГўВҖВ”"

In reality, their prediction was not wrong.

The effect of the rain stopping and light shooting from the sky meant only one thing.

Chwaaaaaaaak-!

Finally, the wave pattern ended and Phase 2 began.

"... There! Something's rising over there?"

".... What in the world is that!!"

As the water drained from the sunlit center of the whirlpool, a seemingly small island revealed itself.

"The Island of Beginnings... Rymia?"

I heard a sharp-eyed explorer muttering so from afar, but that guess was wrong.

The name 'Island of Beginnings' is correct, and the shape is very similar, but...

'The location itself is different.'

The Island of Beginnings, Rymia, that we know is much farther south from here.

And even that would be submerged and difficult to reach.

So the island visible down there right now is...

'It's correct to see it as a field for the Raid that just happens to have the same name.'

For reference, that island also serves as a summoning altar.

To summon the Lord of Tears, you have to moor your ship at this location, dive into the deep sea, and reach that island.

'In other words, it's certain that someone intentionally summoned the Floor Lord...'

I wonder who they are.

I can't know for now, but that's not what I need to worry about right now.

Because no matter what they were planning, they wouldn't have predicted that a Dimensional Collapse would occur.

'Uh... wait a minute.'

Is it really true that they didn't predict it?

Isn't there a possibility that they did?

That thought suddenly crossed my mind, but for now, it's just a baseless leap, so I'll skip it.

"Captain...! The ship is being pulled down!"

As the ship, which had only been spinning in the whirlpool, began to ride the rapids downward, Auyen called out to me urgently.

She's not in a state of panic yet, but...

I can see that everyone is tense, so I should probably calm them down first.

"It's fine, so don't worry too much, everyone."

"Ah... I-I panicked for nothing. There's nothing happening yetГўВҖВ”"

"The Lord of Tears will reveal himself over there soon."

Coincidentally, the moment I finished speaking, something enormous revealed itself from within the cliff of waves across from us.

Chwaaaaaaaat-!

First its hand, then its wrist, elbow, shoulder, and finally its face, covered by a blindfold and a gag.

"It's the Lord of Tears...!!"

"W-We have to run!"

The moment the creature revealed itself, the entire sea fell into chaos.

When I thought about it, it was only natural.

Because no explorer would have ever seen a monster of that size.

"Wh-what kind of size is that..."

"We have to fight that thing...?"

An overwhelming size that couldn't be compared to Hiframazant, who was over 10 meters tall.

I'm not sure, but I think it might be even bigger than the colossal giant I met on B1 Giant Island.

That was likely, since the creature was currently crouched down.

[...]

The creature, which had frozen the entire sea with its mere appearance, crawled toward the island as if it had no interest in the likes of us floating on the water.

ThudГўВҖВ”! ThudГўВҖВ”! ThudГўВҖВ”!

A great vibration was felt every time its knees hit the ground.

As everyone watched, forgetting even to tremble in the face of its overwhelming presence.

[...]

The creature finally reached the island and embraced it with its entire body.

As if to protect something precious.

The creature, which had wrapped the entire island with its overwhelming body, turned its head and stared in our direction.

'Whoa...'

The expression 'stared' wasn't quite right since it was wearing a blindfold, but for some reason, I felt like our eyes met, and goosebumps rose on my back.

But I wonder if everyone felt the same.

"... Um, Captain? What happens now?"

"Like I said before, you don't have to worry."

"Ah... I-I see?"

"Because now, it will just try to kill us."

"..... What?"

Of course, it doesn't attack aggressively.

In Phase 2, the creature just hugs that island.

The problem is that all sorts of monsters pour out from beyond the walls made of water, and while the creature itself doesn't move, it spams all sorts of skills.

"Th-Then aren't we in big trouble? I heard that from the Sixth Floor Lord onward, they're stronger than most First-Class Monsters."

Raven, who had been quiet after getting an earful from Amelia, spoke up.

"Even the Wolf of Prophecy was so terrifying... I wonder what a monster like that would be like..."

The members who had experience fighting a First-Class Monster trembled as if they had PTSD.

But...

"That's why I told you not to worry."

I said, looking at the Lord of Tears, which was hugging the island and for some reason seemed to be continuously glaring at me.

"Because it's about time."

However, I don't know if I should call this a relief.

In fact, I still think that all my predictions are wrong, and it would be a hundred times better to just Raid the Lord of Tears like this.

But...

ГЈВҖВҢ00:03ГЈВҖВҚ

As expected of my fateГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢ00:02ГЈВҖВҚ

There's no wayГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢ00:01ГЈВҖВҚ

that would happen.

ГЈВҖВҢ00:00ГЈВҖВҚ

Alright, let's do this.

***

ГЈВҖВҢDuration of [The Final Day] has ended.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Labyrinth has been closed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is being moved to Rafdonia...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is being moved to Rafdonia...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is being moved to Rafdonia...ГЈВҖВҚ

.
.

.
ГЈВҖВҢError detected.ГЈВҖВҚ

.
.

.
ГЈВҖВҢFailed to move character to Rafdonia.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

All the lightning and meteorites pouring from the sky disappeared, creating a somewhat static moment.

But that stillness was far from peaceful.

...

...

The calm before the storm.

To me, at least, this fleeting silence was nothing short of a signal flare announcing the coming of a storm.

CrackГўВҖВ”

It started with a small sound.

CraaackГўВҖВ”!

The second was a small rift that bloomed in the world.

CraaaaaaackГўВҖВ”!!!

The third was those small rifts spreading like a spiderweb.

...

...

The hundreds of explorers who had been swept up in the torrent that was the Lord of Tears were shaken by this strange phenomenon they had never experienced before.

And...

CraaaaaaackГўВҖВ”!!!

The moment another cracking sound echoed throughout the entire world.

The world split into tens of thousands of pieces, and on those pieces, the faces of strangers, monsters, and places appeared.

A Mage who was in the middle of hunting in the Great Demon Realm.

A large clan stationed with the Seventh FloorГўВҖВҷs Dark Continent in the background.

A nameless small team climbing the blizzard-swept Ice Rock.

The figures within the tens of thousands of fragments, shattered like a broken mirror, moved.

"What the, who is that person!"

"Bjorn... Yandel?"

"Wait, looking at the background, that looks like the Great Sea...?"

Sometimes, they would speak toward us.

And...

ShaaaaaaaГўВҖВ”!

A single snowflake, carried by the wind, landed on the back of my hand and melted.

...

This was Dimensional Collapse.

A world that should be flat, forcibly twisted by an unknown power, turning into something like a crumpled tissue.

CrackГўВҖВ”

With a small crack as the starting point, the tens of thousands of pieces split once more, breaking into so many fine pieces that it was impossible to count them.

'So a real Dimensional Collapse is happening.'

My heart began to pound like crazy even though I already knew.

But separate from my excited body, my head grew cold as I remembered what I had to do right now.

"Everyone, stick close to me...!!"

At my urgent shout, the members on the ship rushed to my side.

And, with that as a starting point.

CrashГўВҖВ” ГўВҖВ”!

With a sound like something shattering.

ГўВҖВ”!!

The world began to crumble.

And...

"This place is..."

When I finally came to my senses and lifted my head.

.
.

.
.

ГЈВҖВҢGate of the Abyss.ГЈВҖВҚ

I saw a familiar Stone Gate.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 819 ---

Chapter 819: Lifeline (3)

Dimensional Collapse.

If one were to name the worst disaster you could experience while playing Dungeon & Stone, it would be the first thing to come to mind without a moment's hesitation.

The greatest terror of this calamity is one thing.

You never know what will come next.

When a Dimensional Collapse occurs, the divisions between floors lose their meaning, and the portals that once connected them lose their function.

It feels as if every tile on the map turns into a random portal.

In the game, it was a single press of a directional key; in reality, with every step you take.

The surrounding space changes, and you are transported to a random location in the Labyrinth.

That's whyГўВҖВҰ

Thump-!

Considering the nature of a Dimensional Collapse, it wasn't entirely nonsensical.

For it to be right before my eyes like this.

"Gate of the Abyss."

The familiar stone gate appearing.

Thump-!

Even though I had only ever seen it in 2D graphics, the moment I faced it, I knew instinctively.

This was it.

ГўВҖВҳ...

The Gate of the Abyss.ГўВҖВҷ

The dream and hope of all the Evil Spirits summoned to this world, the very thing Lee Baekho had burned his entire life trying to open.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Character has discovered the Gate of the Abyss.ГЈВҖВҚ

As it appeared before my eyes at such an unexpected moment, my mind went blank.

It wasn't that I couldn't think at all; rather, it was closer to a feeling of being unable to focus as all sorts of thoughts swirled around.

Thump-!

Even if it's random, how could this happen?

From the First Floor to the Tenth Floor, in this wide, vast Labyrinth, what are the chances of landing exactly in front of the Gate of the Abyss?

Thump-!

Is this some kind of Hidden Piece I don't know about?

Never mind that, what would happen if I took a step forward and opened the gate right now?

Thump-!

What about the Witch of the Earth who said not to open it?

What about the Royal Family, who was clearly hiding some secret?

Thump-!

Forget all that, is it all over the moment I open that gate?

Is it true, as Auril Gavis said, that I can really return to my original world?

But that's not what I wantГўВҖВҰ

Thump-

In a short time, numerous thoughts came to mind, but their conclusion was set.

'It'sГўВҖВҰ meaningless anyway.'

All the thoughts I was having were pointless.

The area before the Gate of the Abyss is filled with all sorts of traps.

The moment I cross the tile's boundary, I have to be prepared for annihilation.

Right now, I don't even know which tile I'm on.

It's right to thank the heavens just for landing on a safe tile out of thousands.

Yes, it should be like thatГўВҖВҰ

But.

Still, what if.

What if, by some miracle of heaven, I could pick only the safe tiles and run all the way to that gate.

What would really happen then-

"Yandel."

Just then, Amelia's voice brought me back to my senses.

"What on earth are you thinking about so hard? I called you several times, but you just ignored me."

ГўВҖВҰAh, she was talking to me.

"... My apologies, I was lost in thought for a moment."

"I don't know what you were thinking, but from now on, you better stay sharp. It's really started, just as you said, the Dimensional Collapse."

"I understand."

As I finally tore my gaze away from the gate and turned around, I saw the members observing our surroundings with wary expressions.

Okay, at least no one's been left behindГўВҖВҰ

"For now, I don't sense any monsters nearby."

"That's a relief, butГўВҖВҰ I have no idea where we are."

"ButГўВҖВҰ was there a place like this in the Labyrinth?"

"I don't know. At least, I've never been here beforeГўВҖВҰ"

Talk about our location went around, but I simply told everyone not to stray too far and to stick together, keeping my words brief.

There was no reason to cause a commotion by telling them that was the Gate of the Abyss, and besidesГўВҖВҰ

"... What about Mr. Parab? Do you know?"

"Haha, I'm not sure either."

It was for the same reason that Sven Parab, being a 'Player' himself, pretended not to know, though there was no way he wouldn't recognize the 'Gate of the Abyss'.

It could raise unnecessary suspicion.

While I no longer agonized over things alone as before, most of the members, except for my most trusted confidants, didn't know my true identity.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

'As long as I stay quiet, there's no particular danger, so there's no reason to step forward.'

Yes, it wasn't a place we'd be staying for long anyway.

Just like this.

Flash-!

A flash of light covered my vision, and the surrounding space changed.

The darkness that had settled around us vanished, replaced by a fierce light and a swirling, cold wind.

'Is this Ice Rock this timeГўВҖВҰ'

The very place where I had once fought a life-or-death battle.

As the cold wind blew, I remembered the vow I made here long ago.

But separate from that.

'First, I need to check.'

I looked around and started counting the members.

Fortunately, no one was left behind this time either.

ButГўВҖВҰ

"Old Man!"

"Yandel!"

"... Hmm?"

There was a monster.

Right in front of me, at that.

[Kyaaaaaaaak-!]

No sooner had I finished counting my companions than a beast-type monster flew at me from the side.

Pshuk-!

But before the monster's open jaws could reach me, an arrow like a flash of light shot by Erwen pierced its throat.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ShwaaaaaaГўВҖВҰ

The monster disappeared into a flurry of light, leaving behind a Magic Stone.

Someone muttered blankly.

"ГўВҖВҰA Manticore?"

A Manticore.

The Fifth Rank monster that drops [Leap], a skill I once favored.

Its appearance caused a stir among everyone.

"Why is this thing in Ice RockГўВҖВҰ?"

"Could it be that this isn'tГўВҖВҰ Ice Rock?"

Impossible.

This was indeed Ice Rock.

However, the sudden appearance of a Manticore, which shouldn't be here, wasГўВҖВҰ

"It's because of the Dimensional Collapse. Just as we, who were on the Sixth Floor a moment ago, came to Ice Rock, that monster was also suddenly dragged here."

Raven explained for me, so there was no need for me to say anything elseГўВҖВҰ

"Anyway, you all heard what Mr. Yandel said earlier, right? Everyone, come here. No matter what monsters appear, we have to stick together as much as possible. Otherwise, you might end up in a different place by yourse-"

Flash-!

"lfГўВҖВҰ?"

Geez, can't even give us time to talk?

***

This time, I opened my eyes in a dense jungle.

However, besides that, there were no other distinguishing features, so it was hard to tell where we were right away.

But seeing how dark it was and examining the trees closelyГўВҖВҰ

"The Great Forest. On the Seventh Floor's Dark Continent."

Of course, where we were wasn't all that important.

Now that the Dimensional Collapse had begun, we wouldn't be staying here for long either.

What mattered wasn't where we were, but what we would encounter hereГўВҖВҰ

"Combat Readiness!!"

Unlike before, the moment I opened my eyes, monsters rushed at us from all directions as if they had been waiting.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Deadburn.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Red Eye.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the Iron Hill Guardian.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the Orc ShamanГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Fortunately, the monsters were of a low rank, so the battle didn't take long to end.

But perhaps because of that?

"This Dimensional CollapseГўВҖВҰ it's more manageable than I thought, eh?"

The damn Guild Master suddenly jinxed it.

When you say things like that, something is bound to happenГўВҖВҰ

"Be quiet. Nothing has even started yet."

"... Haha, there's no need to be so harsh-."

"Is that disobedience?"

"No, hahaГўВҖВҰ that's not it."

Without waiting for him to finish, I planted my fist in the Guild Master's face.

Thwack-!

I held back my strength as a warning, so his face wasn't caved in or anything, but perhaps from the sudden punch to the face, he just let out a dazed 'Uh, uhГўВҖВҰ' and rolled his eyes.

I looked down at him and spoke clearly.

"It's barely been three minutes since the collapse started. And you're saying it's manageable? Thinking that to yourself is fine. But from now on, never say it out loud. I'm worried your rotten mindset will spread to others."

"Wait a minute, that wasn't my intention-."

"Then what was your intention? What if the monsters that just appeared weren't low-rank? What if they were Rank 1ГўВҖВҰ or even Second-Rank monsters? If that happened-"

My words were cut short.

Flash-!

A flash of light erupted once more, and the space we stood in changedГўВҖВҰ

"...!"

This time, the location was also the Dark Continent.

Seeing the bones scattered about, it seemed to be the path leading to the Red Dragon's SanctumГўВҖВҰ

'Bone Dragonian.'

Not in front of us, or at any particular clock direction, but right in the middle of our formation, a Third-Rank monster appeared.

No, maybe 'appeared' is the wrong word?

From that thing's perspective, we were the ones who had suddenly appeared and surrounded it on all sides.

[Kyaaaaaaaaaaaak-!]

"Behel-laaaaaaa!!"

Before it could rampage and cause damage, I immediately jumped onto its body and restrained it as if in a wrestling match.

And in that moment.

'Damn, already?'

Only a few seconds had passed since our surroundings changed, yet another flash of light erupted.

Flash-!

The location was unknown.

No, to be precise, I didn't have the luxury to identify the location.

Graaaab-!

I was too busy subduing the Bone Dragonian that had been teleported with us.

"What are you doing! Kill this thing already!"

"There are monsters outside the formation too!"

"Team 2, deal with the ones outside! We'll handle the Bone Dragonian!"

Fortunately, Amelia gave the orders in my stead and cleanly sorted out the situation, allowing the battle to proceed slowly from then on.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Flash-!

Before we could even finish off the Bone Dragonian, the field changed again.

It was one of the infuriating aspects of a Dimensional Collapse.

'Ugh, this is chaotic.'

Should I call it a kind of infinite battle content?

The terrain keeps changing without any time to rest, and monsters swarm in accordingly.

Of course, if we could deal with them quickly, there would be no problem, butГўВҖВҰ

Flash-!

If a monster that takes a long time to hunt, like a Second-Rank or Third-Rank monster, appears, we have to endure the next wave with that handicap.

Just as we were doing now.

"It's another Third-Rank monster!"

"Take down the Bone Dragonian first!"

The world kept flashing, and with it, the battles continued endlessly.

Still, we were on the lucky side.

So far.

We hadn't encountered any Rank 1 or Second-Rank monsters, andГўВҖВҰ

Flash-!

There were even events like this where reinforcements appeared.

"... Anabada Clan?"

"We'll take care of the rest, so you guys just hold your ground over there!"

"Ah... we will!"

Judging by the insignia, the clan's name was Red Steel.

I remember they had a total of 42 members who entered the Labyrinth, but now only 18 were visible.

It seemed the cause was their failure to stick together like us amidst the repeated collapses.

Just like that.

"Ugh, uwaahГўВҖВҰ!!"

The moment one of the Red Steel clan members rolled hard to the side to avoid a monster's attack.

---!

The man's body vanished in an instant.

As if there was an invisible portal in the direction he had rolled.

"Damn itГўВҖВҰ! Johnson got sucked in!"

"Don't go! It's already too late!"

This was another characteristic of a Dimensional Collapse.

Though invisible to the eye, transparent walls exist all around us.

For reference, if you cross that wall, a new space appears even without a flash of light, and returning is almost impossible unless you are very luckyГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Frost Wolf.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Ice Golem.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Veldinos.

EXP+ 71ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Storm Gush.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Orc Hero.ГЈВҖВҚ

Still, thanks to encountering a clan that, like us, had been caught in the Dimensional Collapse, we were able to clear out all the monsters that were starting to pile up.

We had earned a moment to catch our breathГўВҖВҰ

"Since we've met like this, how about we introduce ourselves-."

Damn it.

Flash-!

A flash erupted without giving us any time to rest, and we parted ways with the Red Steel clan, who were a short distance away, without even a chance to say goodbye.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Akeltas.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Slayer Knight.

EXP +7ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Garcia.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Rwiture Talisman MasterГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

From then on, it was a repeat of the previous process.

Flash-!

A flash of light, and the field changes.

New monsters appear accordingly.

Another flash, and the unkilled monsters pile upГўВҖВҰ

Grrrrrrr-!

Once, we were summoned to the middle of the abyssal sea, leading to a tougher battle than ever before.

"Just hold on a little longer!!"

After clinging to each other and enduring the fierce currents, how much time had passed?

"UhГўВҖВҰ?"

"... I don't think any more are appearing, right?"

"Is it... over?"

Even after we defeated all the monsters that filled the area, the world no longer flashed.

Phew, I didn't realize it until now because I was so preoccupiedГўВҖВҰ

"How long has it been since the last spatial transport?"

"UmГўВҖВҰ I don't know? It feels like it's been about 10 minutesГўВҖВҰ"

Yes, so that's how it isГўВҖВҰ

"Oh, could it be over already? That was less exciting than I thought!"

Ainar blurted out naively, not knowing any better.

I thought about saying something, but I had things to think about right now, so I let it slide.

"..."

I also ignored the Guild Master, who had a somewhat aggrieved look on his face, and picked up a stone from the ground.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

Thump-!

Rattle, rattle.

The stone I threw with moderate force didn't disappear but fell to the ground.

"SoГўВҖВҰ I guess you were right?"

At Raven's question, I nodded.

"Yes."

The first wave was over.

***

Initial wave, afterwave, main wave.

Just as earthquakes progress in these three major phases, a Dimensional Collapse also occurs in several stages.

And right nowГўВҖВҰ

'It's between the waves.'

It was a brief, safe period in between.

The exact term is 'Lull'.

"According to the records left by survivors of Dimensional Collapse, the duration of the 'Lull' varied each time, but it was at least eight hours."

"So, can we rest until then?"

"Well, as long as nothing happens during that time."

"Huh? But isn't this the lull or whatever you called it?!"

At Ainar's question, Raven gave a bitter smile and shrugged.

"If it were that peaceful, it would have been called a 'Rest Period'."

"Oh, I see! You should have explained it more clearly!"

"... It's better than before, but it's still just as dangerous. I don't know where this is, but all sorts of monsters have probably poured out across the entire region. I'm sure there's at least one Rank 1 monster around here somewhere."

Setting aside how she could talk about such gruesome things so casually,

I looked around and chuckled.

"Raven, do you really not know where this is?"

"Pardon? Ah, ahГўВҖВҰ!"

It seemed she finally realized.

"The Burning Forest!"

A place that had its own history with us.

***

The Burning Forest.

A region within the special field 'Mirror of Fire', accessible by using the byproduct of 'Millaroden' which appears on the Fifth Floor's Great Demon Realm, and alsoГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Orb of Fire has been activated.ГЈВҖВҚ

The place where I obtained the 'Orb of Fire', which I still use effectively.

"It seemsГўВҖВҰ you're not planning on just resting."

"Isn't it a waste of time to rest for eight hours straight? If we happen to meet another group of explorers, we could join forces."

"ThatГўВҖВҰ is true."

After catching our breath to some extent, I led the members toward the Burning Forest.

After all, the source of the 'Orb of Fire' was there.

'If I get another one, it could be useful someday.

We have two teams now, after all.'

Even as we moved, monsters that shouldn't have appeared in this field kept showing up and obstructing our path, but none of them posed a major threat.

Fwoooosh-!

The continuous fire damage wasn't worth worrying about either.

Activating the 'Orb of Fire' was enough, without even needing to use 'Cold Blood'.

"We're almost there."

The center of the Burning Forest.

As we passed through the trees, a massive stone tablet came into view.

For reference, this stone tablet only served as a landmark and had no special in-game effect.

So, I had only ever used it as a guide to find the hut where the Orb of Fire was hiddenГўВҖВҰ

"ГўВҖВҰWas it that white back then?"

It seems I wasn't the only one who felt a sense of unease upon seeing it.

"It looks like there's some writing on it tooГўВҖВҰ"

At Raven's words, I was about to get closer to take a better look when it happened.

"... Huh?"

A woman appeared next to the stone tablet.

She was dressed too casually to be an explorer.

[Waaaaaah!]

A woman holding a wailing newborn baby tightly in her arms.

[There you are! I've been looking all over for you!]

A man appeared from behind and called out to the woman.

[Let's go home, TarvianГўВҖВҰ!]

With a name that sounded strangely familiar.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 820 ---

Chapter 820: Lifeline (4)

Tarvian, Tarvian, Tarvian...

Where have I heard that name before?

Why does it sound so familiar?

I was spacing out, watching the man and woman, when RavenГўВҖВҷs question brought me back.

"Those people... what are they saying?"

Only then did I realize.

Ah, they were speaking the Ancient Language.

Raven could read it to some extent, but her listening and speaking skills in the Ancient Language were very poor.

[Just a moment, let's watch a little longer.

You never knowГўВҖВҰ someone might be hereГўВҖВҰ]

[TarvianГўВҖВҰ in this world, no oneГўВҖВҰ sighГўВҖВҰ No. Let's stay just a little longer and then go.]

The existence of those three was inexplicable, on a completely different level from the other Stone Tablets.

Was that why?

"They're in everyday clothes, speaking the Ancient Language, and holding a newborn baby... What in the world are they?"

The voice of Raven, asking once more, was tinged not just with unease, but with a hint of fear.

Well, it was understandable.

Fearing the unknown is human nature.

"Hmm, no matter how I look at it, they don't seem like ordinary explorers..."

"Could it be part of Gabrielius's arrangement?"

"How many times have we experienced something like this since entering the Labyrinth with Viscount Yandel...!"

After the Guild Master's mumbling, which was hard to tell if it came from joy or sorrow, I quieted the members.

"I know you're curious, but stay quiet for now."

I judged that if we made too much noise, they might sense our presence.

Fortunately, their perception didn't seem that developed, and I continued to eavesdrop on their conversation.

Well, there wasn't much of a conversation to begin with.

[...]

[...]

The woman held the child and stared endlessly at the Stone Tablet, while the man watched her with sorrowful eyes.

When the baby cried, the woman would gently pat its back to soothe it, and the man would watch with a complicated expression.

Who knows how much more time passed.

[Let's go back now, Zephyros.]

...

Zephyros?

Why does that name also sound familiar?

Just as a tickling sensation of almost remembering surfaced...

"Ah..."

Something struck my mind like a thunderbolt.

But it wasn't certain yet...

"Raven."

"Yes, go ahead."

"Do you remember the names Tarvian and Zephyros?"

"Umm... I'm not sure?"

"Wasn't there a diary we found in the hut where we got the Orb of Fire?"

"Ah? Ah, that diary! That's right! I think those were the names of the people in it!"

"Lower your voice."

"... So why are you suddenly asking about their names?"

Oh, that?

"Their names are Tarvian and Zephyros."

As I answered as if spitting out the words, Raven, who had quieted her voice, jumped in surprise after a brief pause.

"... Whaaaaaat?!!"

Uh, they might have heard that.

First, I quickly covered Raven's mouth with my hand, then turned only my head to check where the man and woman were.

And as expected...

[Zephyros, did you hear that just now...?]

[...

I heard it.]

The man and woman, who were about to leave, turned back with caution and stared in our direction.

Thanks to crouching between the burning trees, we didn't make direct eye contact.

But...

Thump, thump...

Even during hide-and-seek, this is the most nerve-wracking situation.

Ah, but why should I be nervous?

Wouldn't it be better to just go out and talk to them?

It would save time.

Just as that thought crossed my mind...

[We need to check.

There might be a survivor somewhere...!]

[...

It must have been a sound made by a Demon.

Let's go back.]

[But...!]

[The sun is setting.]

[...]

[Let's go back.]

[...

Yes.]

Concluding it was a sound made by a Demon, the man and woman turned their backs again and continued on their way.

"Thanks to them, we won't have to wander around."

"What...?"

"If we just follow them, we'll arrive at the house where we got the Orb of Fire."

At my words, Raven made a strange expression and didn't reply.

"Ah..."

Was I a bit too much like a villain just now?

***

A two-story brick house situated in the middle of the forest.

A place I had visited in both the game and in Reality.

Unlike the Stone Tablet, whose difference was subtle, I could feel the difference in the brick house as soon as I saw it from a distance.

Whooosh-!

A dome-shaped barrier, similar in effect to the Orb of Fire, enveloped the house.

The exterior walls of the mansion within were pristine, without a single blackened spot, and the wooden entrance was also perfectly intact, with no signs of being burned.

Moreover, that wasn't all.

'They're living quite well.'

A single tree was growing in the small yard.

It was tiny, as if it had been planted recently.

"Raven, do you remember the contents of the diary we got from that house?"

"Just a moment. I think I wrote it down in my pocket dimension somewhere... Ah, here it is...!"

Soon, Raven took a notebook out of her pocket dimension and handed it to me, and I quickly scanned its contents.

[Day 192, the rescue team didn't come today either.

We are the only three Expedition Members left.

Tarvian suggested we build a house, and I agreed.

The Demon Meat today was disgustingly tasteless...]

And this.

[Day 271, a rather decent house is complete...]

And this.

[What's the point of living when the world has ended? Even if everything has burned down and disappeared, there is hope.

As proof, we are still alive...]

The whining parts didn't matter, so to summarize the important parts:

[Day 310, Tarvian is pregnant.

I wonder whose child it is? Neither I nor Zephyros asked.

Ah, Tarvian.

A woman so wise, yet so pitiful.

I crave a drink today.]

[Day 672. No, is it 673? I don't know, but something big has happened.

The Orb of Fire has begun to lose its power.

The outer walls are already starting to get scorched.]

[The only one who can fix it is the Mage, Tarvian.

But even if she sacrifices her life to extend its duration, what meaning is there in that?]

[Day 711, for the first time in a long while, Zephyros and I agreed on something.

Today, we will die.]

[If the world was not destroyed by the Witch's hand, and if someone one day finds this place, I hope they will use the item in the basement to save the world...]

Hmm, I said they were important parts, but the diaries still didn't contain much.

So for now, I'll just use this as a reference...

"Erwen, can you eavesdrop on the conversation inside?"

"I can hear them, but... I can't understand a single word they're saying."

Ah, right...

They speak the Ancient Language, don't they?

'So what should I do now...'

I managed to follow them here, but...

Now that it's come to this, I can't seem to get my bearings.

'Should I just keep watching?'

It's the safest option, but our current situation is a concern.

Once the grace period is over, we'll be caught in the Dimensional Collapse again.

Not only do we have little time left after coming this far, but the members also need to rest during the remaining time.

Yes, so...

"I'll be back."

"... What?"

"I'll go in alone for now, so you all wait here and watch. Do not, under any circumstances, step forward until I call for you."

Some of the members had expressions that asked if I really had to go in there, but it didn't take long to convince them.

"Seeing the situation, it's certain that they are also part of Gabrielius's arrangement... If we're lucky, we might be able to obtain an item that will help us overcome this crisis."

"... Still, if it looks dangerous, I will step in immediately."

"I understand, I'm counting on you."

After sorting out the situation, I took a deep breath and headed towards the mansion.

Whoooosh.

As if it truly had properties similar to the Orb of Fire, the barrier effectively blocked the flames but let me in without any resistance when I stuck my foot through.

Thud, thud...

I walked without deliberately hiding my presence, but I still couldn't hear any sound from inside the house.

Are they so unskilled that they can't even sense this?

Or is it simply because they're not even wary of an intruder?

I couldn't tell, but I soon arrived in front of the main door and...

Knock, knock, knock.

I used the doorknob to knock gently.

And...

[....!!]

[....!!]

From the sound of something bumping or a conversation abruptly cut off, I could feel that those inside were startled.

Therefore, I waited quietly in front of the door so as not to provoke them further.

[...]

Soon, I felt a presence through the window next to the door.

It seemed like they were observing me from there...

[...open... it... do...? Maybe... expedition...]

[No... must be a Demon... ... ... then... ambush... is...]

[But... first... talk... let's...

The rest... hide....]

Their voices were too low for me to understand exactly, but I could hear them whispering softly.

'...

It's probably better not to look.'

I acted as if I didn't even know they were there and grabbed the doorknob again.

And...

Knock, knock, knock.

After knocking three times, I opened my mouth in the Ancient Language.

[Is anyone home?]

A monologue I uttered on purpose to let them know I was an intelligent being capable of conversation.

Did it help?

Finally, a reply came from beyond the door.

[...

Who are you?]

Hmm, well...

What would be a good answer in this situation?

If I said I came for the Orb of Fire, a fight would probably break out immediately...

[D-did... you come because you heard the signal? To rescue us...?]

[Signal?]

[I mean the magic wave emitter.

Didn't you see it on your way here? We set up several of them around here...]

Ah, could he be talking about those Stone Tablets?

I wondered what they were, but they were like transmission towers.

[Who are... you? Are you the rescue team...?]

Perhaps my reaction was suspicious, as a more cautious voice returned.

Tsk, what should I call myself?

[I am not the rescue team.]

I figured a lie would be quickly exposed, so I was honest about this part.

But perhaps they were secretly hoping for it, despite their caution.

[Ah.......]

A short exclamation of disappointment came from beyond the door.

I didn't give the man beyond the door time to think and immediately asked.

[By the way... are you Expedition Members?]

[Y-you know about us?]

[To some extent.]

As I played along, recalling the story from the diary I had seen before, did he judge me not to be an enemy?

[Could you open the door? Let's talk for a moment.

I have no intention of harming you.]

[...]

[If I could walk all the way here unharmed, you must know this door is meaningless, right?]

As I said that, I was careful not to sound threatening, and perhaps my intention got through, because after a short pause, the door creaked open.

And...

[...

C-come in.]

A man opened the door and guided me inside.

It was the man named 'Zephyros' I had seen earlier.

The others weren't in sight... did he tell them to hide just in case?

[...

If you're not the rescue team, then who in the world are you? How did you find your way here when it's full of Demons? Could it be... the world hasn't fallen yet...?]

A flood of questions poured out as soon as I stepped inside.

This was probably the reason this man let a complete stranger like me into his house.

Perhaps he was more desperate for a conversation than I was.

The only lifeline sent down into a world filled only with despair.

'Whew... anyway, how should I answer this?'

After a moment of thought, I decided to make something up.

After all, I had experienced the story of the Empire both directly and indirectly through various experiences, and this time, I had heard the important parts from Arta.

I judged that I could deceive them enough with a short conversation.

[Answer me! R-really... the world hasn't fallen yet?!]

[...

That's right, the world has not yet fallen.]

[Oh, my God...!]

[Have you perhaps heard of Rafdonia?]

[Of course I have! My best friend was from that territory! But why there...?]

Whew, so the timeline I was thinking of is correct.

'Okay, I think he's taken the bait properly.'

From now on, it seems I can be a bit more bold.

[Survivors from all over the world are gathering around that territory to build a new kingdom.]

[How can that be! The curse? What about the curse?]

[The Witch's curse cannot cross into Rafdonia.

It is the last Fortress remaining on this land.]

[I-is that true?! Then please take us there! I'm begging you!]

The man, who was so excited that he made the slip of saying 'us', but I said without showing any reaction.

[Hmm, I'm not so sure...]

As I stroked my chin and looked down, the man swallowed nervously.

[I can't just take someone I don't know the first thing about.

What if you do something to harm the territory?]

The tables had now turned.

[N-no! We are former Expedition Members! We would never do such a thing-!]

[Then tell me.]

[.....?]

[What has happened to you all until now.]

Alright, let's hear the story.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 821 ---

Chapter 821: TheГӮВ Lifeline (5)

Where should I even begin...

To the man who started with such words, I cut him off firmly.

From the beginning to the end.

ItГўВҖВҷs fine if itГўВҖВҷs a bit brief, but I told him to talk about his life.

Of course, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a normal question, but the special situation, like an interview, helped.

[The Western Front of the Empire.

ThatГўВҖВҷs where I was born and raised.]

Zephyros was born during the time of the war with the Witch.

In other words, he was part of the end-of-the-century generation, born in a time when destruction was just around the corner.

[My mother served as a medical officer, and my father was a regular soldier.]

There were battles every day, and with each battle, he lost people he knew and cared about.

Even his parents were no exception.

[When I became an orphan at eleven, I immediately volunteered for the army.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt out of hatred for monsters or patriotism.

It was simply the only thing I could do, the only thing I knew how to do.]

Fortunately, he had some talent.

From soldier to squad leader, from squad leader to centurion...

He earned merit in every battle and was promoted quickly.

[Well, to be honest, it wasnГўВҖВҷt because I did anything great.

ItГўВҖВҷs just that so many of my superiors died, and I was the only one quick enough to fill the empty spots.]

ThatГўВҖВҷs what he said, but to me, it sounded like humility.

ThereГўВҖВҷs that saying, right?

Surviving means youГўВҖВҷre strong.

[As you know, the war situation wasnГўВҖВҷt good.

The Western Front, where I grew up, kept getting pushed back until it reached a point where we couldnГўВҖВҷt hold the line anymore.

Eventually, we were absorbed into the Central Army.]

Even in the new environment, he did everything he could to survive and gradually grew stronger.

[Fortunately, there were plenty of ways.

The world was on the brink of destruction, so there were no more ladders.

Ancient martial arts from noble houses, magic, body modification techniques once reserved for elite warriors... all of it became available even to regular soldiers.]

Time passed, and Zephyros gained some fame and recognition from the higher-ups.

[Then I heard they were forming an expedition.

Of course, I volunteered.

Was it because of hatred for monsters? Maybe.

I wonГўВҖВҷt say I didnГўВҖВҷt have any.

If I had the power, I wouldГўВҖВҷve torn the Witch apart and created a world without monsters.

But...]

The real reason Zephyros joined the expedition was because of one phrase.

[They said if the expedition succeeded, the war would end.

That was enough for me.

I was sick of it.

A life filled with nothing but death.]

[Besides, there were no other options.]

[The world was already on the verge of collapse.

We had to try something.]

Zephyros joined the expedition to save the world.

And then...

[The first target of the expedition was the cave where it all began.

There, we defeated the first lord of the WitchГўВҖВҷs army.]

[The first lord...]

[Dreadfear.

A monster born from an unknown mutation after taking a body-modifying drug... even the Witch couldnГўВҖВҷt save that murderous beast.]

Body-modifying drug.

Even the Witch couldnГўВҖВҷt save it...

Some of the terms were hard to understand, but one stood out.

ГўВҖВҳDreadfear...ГўВҖВҷ

The lord of the First Floor, known by the alias of Fear.

There were many things I wanted to ask, but I held back and decided to keep listening.

That was because...

[Why are you asking that? You sound like someone whoГўВҖВҷs never heard of the first lord before...]

If I asked something obvious, IГўВҖВҷd raise suspicion.

The conversation could end right there.

So...

[Just a reaction.

Keep talking.]

[ГўВҖВҰVery well.]

Zephyros continued his story for quite a while.

[After defeating the first lord, our next target was the second.

To do that, the expedition split into four groups, each heading to a different location.]

The Rock Desert.

Goblin Forest.

Beast Den.

Land of the Dead...

The expedition teams went through fierce battles and eventually succeeded in defeating the Lord of Regret.

And then...

[We reached the WitchГўВҖВҷs Hut and, as planned, tricked her into summoning the third lord.]

By this point, it was easy to guess without asking.

Though I didnГўВҖВҷt know the exact reason, the path the expedition took matched the order of the labyrinthГўВҖВҷs floors.

[The battle itself wasnГўВҖВҷt difficult.

We took down the third lord as planned... and then moved on to the fourth.]

[The Tower of the Sky.

The crazy pilgrims who worshipped the Witch gave that name to the underground structure.]

[ItГўВҖВҷs not well known, but that tower was actually built by the Empire.

They dug deep underground to seal away an Evil God and placed a gatekeeper there.

But eventually, the Witch and her pilgrims took over the territory, and it got that name.]

[Anyway, the fourth lord was a very tough enemy.]

As he said that, Zephyros shuddered just thinking about it, but in the end, the expedition succeeded in defeating the Lord of the Sky.

And then...

[We finally reached our destination, the Great Demon Realm.]

Only after hearing this did I realize that the expeditionГўВҖВҷs goal was the Great Demon Realm.

[The goal was to kill the fifth lord, Siliart, who betrayed the Empire and joined the Witch, and to seal the Evil God again.]

[And beyond that, to kill the Witch.]

But that goal was never achieved.

After entering the Great Demon Realm, he got separated from his team during battle, and after a few more deaths, he settled here, endlessly waiting for a rescue team.

[ThatГўВҖВҷs my story.

Not very entertaining, I suppose.]

[I have a few questions.]

[Ask away.

My life is in your hands now.]

[Why did you think the world ended? From what I heard, you just got separated from the expedition.]

[That expedition was humanityГўВҖВҷs last hope.

If it had succeeded, even this sea of fire around the house would be gone.

But it failed.]

So just because the expedition failed, the world ended...

It showed how serious the situation was back then, and how much brainwashing the Empire did to the expedition members.

[ГўВҖВҰIsnГўВҖВҷt that right?]

Zephyros asked again, and I gave a bitter smile.

Well... maybe the expedition did fail in the end.

But...

ГўВҖВҳThat wouldnГўВҖВҷt have been in the Great Demon Realm.

If my guess is right, and the path the expedition took matches the labyrinthГўВҖВҷs floor order, then the expedition must have continued.

Leaving the Great Demon Realm and heading out to the vast sea...

To the Dark Continent, to Ice Rock, where they hunted the so-called ГўВҖВңlords.ГўВҖВқ

Through the Land of Dawn, the Grave of Stars, and finally reaching the Abyss.

What could have happened...ГўВҖВҷ

ItГўВҖВҷs a shame I canГўВҖВҷt hear the rest from Zephyros, who got left behind on the Fifth Floor.

[Tell me... did the expedition really fail?]

[YouГўВҖВҷll find out once we get out of here.

Now, letГўВҖВҷs move on to the second question.]

[ГўВҖВҰGo ahead.]

[What exactly are these ГўВҖВңlordsГўВҖВқ?]

It was something IГўВҖВҷd been curious about since I started listening.

What kind of beings were the lords?

As I waited for his answer with growing curiosity...

[ГўВҖВҰHow does that question prove IГўВҖВҷm not a threat to Rafdonia?]

[Uh...]

He had a point.

But still...

[Talking back?]

I squared my shoulders and stared him down to assert dominance, and Zephyros visibly shrank back.

[No...

IГўВҖВҷm not refusing.

I just donГўВҖВҷt understand what youГўВҖВҷre asking.]

[IГўВҖВҷm not asking for your understanding.

Just answer.]

[Is this... some kind of test?]

A test...

Letting him think that might not be a bad idea, so I stayed silent and just stared.

Eventually, he couldnГўВҖВҷt hold out and opened his mouth.

[Whatever it is, IГўВҖВҷll tell you everything I know.]

[Lords... are ГўВҖВңpilgrimsГўВҖВқ born through the WitchГўВҖВҷs power, possessing strength that defies the rules of this world.]

[But how exactly theyГўВҖВҷre created is unclear.

Take the first lord, for example.

He was a prisoner, and the Empire gave him a drug that was supposed to destroy his mind and body and turn him into a new biological weapon.]

[But for some reason... he went berserk and became the first lord.]

[They never leave their territories and rule like kings, which is why theyГўВҖВҷre called lords of the WitchГўВҖВҷs army.]

[Some, like the second, fourth, and fifth lords, are absolutely loyal to the Witch.

Others, like the first and third, are insane killing machines that attack friend and foe alike.]

[Some believe the creation of the lords wasnГўВҖВҷt intentional.

That the Witch couldnГўВҖВҷt control her own power.

ThatГўВҖВҷs the basis of that theory.]

[ThatГўВҖВҷs all I know...]

[I see...]

I felt like I understood the lords a little better, but I didnГўВҖВҷt think IГўВҖВҷd get much more out of him.

[Third question.

Why did the expedition target the lords and the Evil God?]

[IsnГўВҖВҷt it obvious? The lords protect the Witch, and the Evil God is her absolute ally.

But... is there some truth I donГўВҖВҷt know about?]

Tsk, he keeps asking questions back.

IГўВҖВҷll just ignore it.

[Last question.

Are you alone right now?]

At my question, Zephyros closed his mouth and looked conflicted.

ГўВҖВҳHeГўВҖВҷs hesitating now?

Well, I can understand.

He might have decided to trust me, but that doesnГўВҖВҷt mean the others did.

He probably paused, worried that his choice might endanger his companions.

[I...]

Just as Zephyros was about to speak after a brief pauseГўВҖВ”

[IГўВҖВҷm not alone.]

A man appeared at the top of the stairs, cutting him off.

Over 190cm tall.

Unkempt beard and sharp features, giving off a strong presenceГўВҖВ”he looked to be in his mid to late thirties.

He was a stranger, but I felt a strange sense of familiarity the moment I saw him.

And for good reason...

Zephyros was here, and the woman named Tarvian and the baby werenГўВҖВҷt.

By process of elimination, only one person remained.

[Apologies if itГўВҖВҷs rude, but I heard everything from upstairs.]

The owner of the journal.

[Pleased to meet you.

IГўВҖВҷm Ormi Noark.]

...

Huh?

The combination of those two names was so familiar that my mind went blank for a moment.

Ormi Revolutionary Group and Noark?

[By the way, that friend earlier is from the Rafdonia territory.]

And now RafdoniaГўВҖВҷs in the mix?

This just got interesting.

I donГўВҖВҷt believe in coincidences.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 822 ---

Chapter 822: The Lifeline (6)

OrmГғВӯ Noark.

He was once a member of an expedition team, but after falling behind, he and two companions became trapped in the Great Demon Realm, which had turned into a sea of fire.

And, in fact, I already know how their story ends.

[Day 711. For the first time in a long while, Zephyros and I agreed on something.]

[Today, we die.]

In the end, they met their deaths in despair.

But...

[Do you know who I am?]

As soon as I realized the name of the diaryГўВҖВҷs owner was ГўВҖВңOrmГғВӯ Noark,ГўВҖВқ a thought crossed my mind.

What if, on that day, at least ГўВҖВңheГўВҖВқ didnГўВҖВҷt die?

What if he managed to escape this place and later founded the ГўВҖВңOrmГғВӯГўВҖВқ Revolutionary Group in a city called Rafdonia, and succeeded in creating the underground city of Noark...?

...

Is that too much of a stretch?

Well, maybe it is.

But even so, I canГўВҖВҷt completely dismiss the idea.

After all, imagination is just a combination of data.

As soon as I added the name ГўВҖВңOrmГғВӯ NoarkГўВҖВқ and the keyword ГўВҖВңRafdonia,ГўВҖВқ my imagination instantly spun this story.

However...

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҷs a contradiction.ГўВҖВқ

The OrmГғВӯ Revolutionary Group and Noark donГўВҖВҷt have that long of a history.

At most, itГўВҖВҷs something that happened a few hundred years ago by todayГўВҖВҷs standards.

ThereГўВҖВҷs a huge time gap between that and this era, which would be considered ancient...

[No, IГўВҖВҷm not sure.

I feel like IГўВҖВҷve heard it somewhere before... but I canГўВҖВҷt quite remember.]

So for now, IГўВҖВҷll dig a little deeper.

ThereГўВҖВҷs definitely some connection between this man, Noark, and the OrmГғВӯ Revolutionary Group.

[Hmm, if youГўВҖВҷre from Rafdonia, that might be possible.

My family has long served a noble house in Rafdonia, so perhaps youГўВҖВҷve seen one of us before.]

As OrmГғВӯ Noark said this, I could feel a strong desire in his eyes.

A will to survive and return to the arms of his family, no matter what.

Of course, there was also a bit of doubt.

Like this:

[But is Rafdonia really still standing? Has it truly become the only fortress to withstand the WitchГўВҖВҷs Curse?]

Still unable to believe it, the man hurriedly continued.

[Then please, take us there.

I must see it with my own eyes...!]

[You havenГўВҖВҷt been verified yet.]

[Is that really necessary? If the lord I know is still there... heГўВҖВҷll surely welcome me back with open armsГўВҖВ”!]

[ThatГўВҖВҷs just your claim.]

[...]

I cut him off firmly, and the man clamped his mouth shut in surprise.

To him, I calmly asked,

[WhatГўВҖВҷs the name of the Lord of Rafdonia?]

Honestly, I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure myself, so I asked.

But he mustГўВҖВҷve thought it was a confirmation question, because he immediately gave the answer I wanted.

[...

Ravigion Commelby of Rafdonia.]

Oh, so it really is that Immortal King.

As I nodded inwardly, he continued.

[Ask me anything.

IГўВҖВҷll answer truthfully.

So please, take usГўВҖВ”no, weГўВҖВҷre fine.

ThereГўВҖВҷs a baby and its mother.

Even if itГўВҖВҷs just those two, please, take them to RafdoniaГўВҖВ”]

He didnГўВҖВҷt finish the sentence.

He suddenly stopped speaking.

[...]

Just a moment of silence.

But I felt something off.

No, it was more like a sense of alertness rising.

The pleading tone and expression vanished completely, and he stared straight at me.

[...]

Zephyros, his companion, was the same.

As if time had stopped, the two men stood silently, staring at me.

Like broken robots.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

In sudden situations, instinct always came before reason.

Instead of trying to understand what was happening, my hands moved first, ready to raise my shield at any moment.

And thenГўВҖВ”

Swoosh.

Just as I entered battle-ready mode in an instantГўВҖВ”

He spoke.

ГўВҖВңEnough.ГўВҖВқ

Not in the ancient language heГўВҖВҷd been using, but in RafdoniaГўВҖВҷs tongue.

ГўВҖВңI know you didnГўВҖВҷt come here by your own will. But stop toying with them and leave.ГўВҖВқ

...

Thump!

Feeling my heart beat low and heavy, I slowly opened my mouth.

I had no idea what was going on...

ГўВҖВң... Who are you?ГўВҖВқ

Something inside had changed.

***

The man didnГўВҖВҷt answer right away.

He stared at me for a long time, as if organizing his thoughts, then finally spoke.

ГўВҖВңIf you go underground, youГўВҖВҷll find the Orb of Fire. If you take it, the Orb of Fire you possess will become even stronger.ГўВҖВқ

Oh, it had that kind of effect?

As I was silently surprised, he spoke again in a cold voice.

ГўВҖВңSo take it and leave. ThatГўВҖВҷs the only reward youГўВҖВҷll get for coming here.ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, I was caught off guard by the situation.

I had no idea what was going on, and I didnГўВҖВҷt even know who this guy standing in front of me was.

But one thing was clear...

Who the hell does this bastard think he is, barking orders at me?

This guy clearly doesnГўВҖВҷt understand Barbarians.

I mean, come on.

If you talk like that, people like us wonГўВҖВҷt do anything for you.

ГўВҖВңWell, youГўВҖВҷre wrong.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRewards arenГўВҖВҷt just material things. So donГўВҖВҷt get in my way and scram. I still have things to talk about with OrmГғВӯ Noark.ГўВҖВқ

Sure, I was dying to know who this guy really was.

But I didnГўВҖВҷt show it and spoke calmly.

For a simple reason.

The one who wants less always holds the upper hand in a conversation.

ГўВҖВңI was just about to get all the juicy details, and then some weirdo pops up out of nowhere. Tsk.ГўВҖВқ

As I clicked my tongue sharply, a twitch formed between his brows.

A reaction IГўВҖВҷd seen beforeГўВҖВ”when someoneГўВҖВҷs been properly provoked.

But even so, he kept his mouth shut and held it in...

ГўВҖВҳSo talking is all he can do, huh.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure yet, so I decided to test him a bit more.

ГўВҖВңIf you want me to leave, why not just say it like this? ГўВҖВҳPlease, take the Orb of Fire and quietly leave. I beg you.ГўВҖВҷ Like that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCanГўВҖВҷt do it? Geez, how did you grow up so rude... Whatever, just bring that guy back. IГўВҖВҷve got nothing to say to you.ГўВҖВқ

I said it flatly, and after a long silence, he finally spoke.

ГўВҖВңIf I do it... will you leave?ГўВҖВқ

Oh, is he actually going to do it?

I didnГўВҖВҷt know, but I shrugged.

ГўВҖВңDepends on how you do it. Sometimes, a heartfelt word can fix everything.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Please, take the Orb of Fire and quietly leave. I beg you.ГўВҖВқ

Wow, he actually said it.

I almost smiled, but I held it back with all my facial muscles.

ГўВҖВңMuch better.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThenГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut when you ask for something, isnГўВҖВҷt it common courtesy to introduce yourself first?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

And so, having been hit with Barbarian-style manners, the guy started trembling.

But maybe that was all he could do.

Eventually, he revealed his identity.

ГўВҖВңI am OrmГғВӯ Noark.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, donГўВҖВҷt tell me youГўВҖВҷre the original?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you know that much, this will go faster. Yes. The one you were just talking to was a recreated version of my past self.ГўВҖВқ

I almost let out a ГўВҖВңwowГўВҖВқ at that.

But then he said something that snapped me back to attention.

ГўВҖВңNow that IГўВҖВҷve introduced myself, leaveГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

There he goes again.

ГўВҖВңAdd it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf youГўВҖВҷve learned anything, you should know to combine your introduction with your request.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... I am the original OrmГғВӯ Noark. Please, do not defile my memories any further. Just take the Orb of Fire and quietly leave. I beg you.ГўВҖВқ

A far more polite request than before.

I gave it some serious thought and replied.

ГўВҖВңHmm... No.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... What?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI said no.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs not what we agreedГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhen did I agree? I said IГўВҖВҷd decide after seeing how you did it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI... I asked sincerely.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd I sincerely thought about it and said no.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo from the start... you were mocking me...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMocking? What are you talking about? You asked sincerely, and I sincerely thought about it and said no. Do you have a problem in your head?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... You insolent fool!!ГўВҖВқ

Tsk, now heГўВҖВҷs shouting.

I tried to teach him manners, but he has no intention of learning and just keeps misunderstanding my sincerity.

No need to hold back anymore.

ГўВҖВңSo what are you going to do about it?ГўВҖВқ

I stepped forward without a hint of fear at his yelling.

And thenГўВҖВ”

Swoosh.

Using my Barbarian physique, I looked down at him and asked,

Well, at our level, size doesnГўВҖВҷt always equal strength, but...

ГўВҖВңFrom the looks of it, no matter what I do here, thereГўВҖВҷs nothing you can do about it, is there?ГўВҖВқ

It was already proven through our earlier conversation.

This guy isnГўВҖВҷt threatening at all.

ГўВҖВңIf you couldГўВҖВҷve kicked me out, you wouldГўВҖВҷve done it already. Am I wrong?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

As expected, he fell silent again.

But maybe he wasnГўВҖВҷt completely stupid.

He skipped all the unnecessary talk and got to the point.

ГўВҖВң... What do you want?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңInformation. Or a material reward of equal value.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe material reward is what I already told you!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNormally, yes. But this isnГўВҖВҷt a normal situation, is it?ГўВҖВқ

A being claiming to be the original is standing right in front of me.

If I dig a little, IГўВҖВҷm sure he has more to offer.

Maybe he sensed my greedy thoughts, because he bit his lip.

ГўВҖВң... Shameless bastard.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSounds like a compliment to me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... I canГўВҖВҷt give you any material reward. I donГўВҖВҷt have the authority.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen youГўВҖВҷll have to give me information.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷve met others like you before. Beings that seem to be the ГўВҖВҳoriginals.ГўВҖВҷ What are you people?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you invoking the right to remain silent?ГўВҖВқ

He grinned.

ГўВҖВңSo what if I am? What can you do about it?ГўВҖВқ

Oh, so thatГўВҖВҷs how you want to play?

ГўВҖВңWell, I donГўВҖВҷt know yet. But if you stay silent, IГўВҖВҷll go underground and take the Orb of Fire.ГўВҖВқ

He scoffed at that.

But it didnГўВҖВҷt last long.

ГўВҖВңAnd then IГўВҖВҷll destroy everything. IГўВҖВҷll smash this house, smash Zephyros, smash your body, and smash the babyГўВҖВҷs mother.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Even the mother?ГўВҖВқ

He muttered in shock.

Seems like heГўВҖВҷs a discriminatory type who doesnГўВҖВҷt understand true equality.

ГўВҖВңYou asked what I could do, didnГўВҖВҷt you? IГўВҖВҷm just telling you what I can do.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut if I do that, what can you do?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll just recreate it. The Orb of Fire, the house, their lives... IГўВҖВҷll make it all again. This is all just a play created by that child anyway.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut even if I can recreate it, I canГўВҖВҷt bear to watch you destroy Tarvian.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Fine. You win. Barbarian, ask something else. If I can answer it, I will.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThenГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNot about my origin. ThatГўВҖВҷs beyond my control, so leave that out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, I know more than my past self. The future me knows even more.ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, thatГўВҖВҷs true...

But it still feels like somethingГўВҖВҷs missing.

ГўВҖВңGo ahead. IГўВҖВҷve offered everything I can.ГўВҖВқ

That sounded like a final warning.

After a moment of thought, I nodded.

ГўВҖВңAlright.ГўВҖВқ

Now, letГўВҖВҷs have a proper conversation between civilized people.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 823 ---

Chapter 823: TheГӮВ Lifeline (7)

The conversation that followed between two intelligent beings was peaceful and efficient.

I asked, and he answered.

No tricks, no games.

"Then let me start with this. I once saw a diary you wrote. At the end of that diary, it said, 'Today, we die.' What happened after that?"

To that first question, he calmly revealed his story.

A dark tale, told in a voice as calm as still water.

"We all decided to die together and took the drug made by Tarvian. But for some reason, I didnГўВҖВҷt die. It seemed the resistance I built up from taking various modified drugs during my soldier days saved me."

Their plan to die together on the same day had failed.

Because Ormi Noark survived.

"There was no drug left... So I left the house where my comrades slept and just walked. The demons we were looking for didnГўВҖВҷt appear, but that didnГўВҖВҷt matter. The flames burned my skin, and the heat destroyed my lungs. I thought IГўВҖВҷd soon be able to join them."

But if he had really died then,

this story wouldnГўВҖВҷt have come this far.

"Even so, I survived."

"How was that possible?"

"While I was slowly burning to death, a demon appeared. A welcome presence that would end my pain. But just as I approached it with a smile, an arrow pierced the back of the demonГўВҖВҷs head."

He pressed his lips together once before continuing.

"... It was the rescue team. The very ones the four of us had waited for so desperately. Even as I was losing consciousness, I clearly heard their warm voices telling me not to worry, that I was safe now."

And so, in despair, the man closed his eyes.

And when he opened them againГўВҖВ”

"Several days had passed, and I was being rescued from this accursed Great Demon Realm by their hands."

He tried to return to where he had been, to at least recover the bodies of his comrades, but the rescue team refused, saying they didnГўВҖВҷt have the capacity.

"Regret overwhelmed me. If only... If only we had waited one more day before making that decision, we all could have survived."

The man, rescued by the team he had waited years for, was left with a dilemma.

"Should I live, or should I die?"

But the end of that dilemma was already decided.

The living still have a role to play.

In the end, he couldnГўВҖВҷt throw himself off the cliff, and so his story continued.

But before I heard more of it, I had to ask this first.

"You said it was a rescue team. Who were they?"

"Rafdonia."

"... What?"

"Ravigion Commelby Rafdonia."

The Immortal King, Ravigion III.

"To be exact, it was the companions who had journeyed with him on his great adventure."

It was the moment when the fate of a man who had only awaited death took a strange turn.

***

In truth, this wasnГўВҖВҷt the first time the man had met the Immortal King.

After all, the Immortal King was a direct descendant of a noble house, and the man was a child of a vassal family.

"But as the war worsened, conscription officers came even to the remote territories of the Empire, and I had to leave my land before I even came of age."

Because of that, twenty long years passed before they met again.

"What was he like?"

"When I saw him again after so long, he was much the same. He never lost his cheerfulness, and there was always wit in his words. He was quite playful, but even so, you could always feel his care and respect for those around him."

"So, just an ordinary guy?"

"Ordinary... well, I suppose you could say that. If the world hadnГўВҖВҷt turned out the way it did."

Then the man said,

"His laughter and brightness didnГўВҖВҷt belong in a world where hope had vanished."

"When I met him again, he was... how should I put it..."

"He had become truly great. Even someone as ordinary as me could tell at a glance."

Hmm, I didnГўВҖВҷt expect someone named Noark to praise the Immortal King like that.

A strange sense of dissonance crept in, but I figured IГўВҖВҷd understand it once I heard the whole story.

So I decided to focus on the rest of the conversation.

"In a world where hope had disappeared, he wandered the continent with his companions in search of it. ThatГўВҖВҷs how he was able to find me, abandoned in the Great Demon Realm."

"And what happened after that?"

"They took me to Rafdonia to regroup."

"That mustГўВҖВҷve been nice. Returning to your homeland after so long."

"Well, I donГўВҖВҷt know if I can call it my homeland..."

"...?"

"It wasnГўВҖВҷt the Rafdonia I knew. It was just a refuge built deep underground to escape the apocalypse. The survivors gathered there were merely enduring each day."

"Ah..."

As soon as I heard it, I knew the place he was talking about was 'Noark.'

Well... it was originally a city built by Rafdonia.

ThatГўВҖВҷs why Noark had a Dimensional Plaza.

Only after technology advanced did they come up to the surface, build walls, and create a great kingdom.

"Anyway, I returned there... and he left again. He gave me the heavy responsibility of managing this refuge."

"I still donГўВҖВҷt know why he entrusted me with such an important task. Maybe it was because of the old vassal family name, Noark. Or maybe... he just wanted to give a man who looked like he could die at any moment a reason to live..."

I donГўВҖВҷt know, but he left again on his great journey, and the man who remained managed the refuge with all his might.

"Each time he returned, survivors from all over the world gathered, and the refuge grew. More and more talented people followed his journey."

And then, after more time had passedГўВҖВ”

"He finally completed his great journey and discovered hope in this world."

"What was it?"

"I canГўВҖВҷt answer questions closely tied to the Origin. But you already know what it is."

At those words, I muttered softly.

"... The Labyrinth."

The man didnГўВҖВҷt answer.

But that was answer enough.

'If I combine this with what Arta said... then it means the Immortal King eventually obtained the power of the Origin?'

An incredibly fascinating ancient tale.

Unfortunately, everything after that was locked.

"Did you know? Sometimes hope brings even greater despair. The hope he found was no different from telling us to look toward another despair to escape the one before us."

"Can you stop with the metaphors and just say it clearly?"

"I canГўВҖВҷt."

Sigh, I guess this is another Origin-related question.

"Once he learned the whole truth, he made a plan to save the world. The ignorant might be satisfied, but for those who knew the truth, it was a horrifying plan."

"I guess you canГўВҖВҷt tell me what that plan was?"

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

"Yeah, I didnГўВҖВҷt expect you to. Fine, then just tell me everything you can."

"Those who agreed with his plan left the wretched underground and built a kingdom on the surface. Those who couldnГўВҖВҷt, like me, stayed behind."

Hmph... feels like a bun with no filling.

I now understand why the underground city that was once RafdoniaГўВҖВҷs refuge was named 'Noark'...

But the part I was really curious about still wasnГўВҖВҷt answered.

"What about the Ormi Revolutionary Group? CanГўВҖВҷt you talk about that either?"

"IГўВҖВҷve told you everything I can."

"Gabrielius? What the hell is that bastard?"

"... He was the Immortal KingГўВҖВҷs greatest companion on his journey, and the one who carried out that dreadful plan. Well, in the end, it seems he changed his mind and turned back."

"Turned back?"

"......"

Tch, I thought I might finally get a clear answer.

Still, with what IГўВҖВҷve heard from Arta and everything else, I do feel like IГўВҖВҷm getting closer to the truth of this world.

"Alright, IГўВҖВҷve told you everything I can. So IГўВҖВҷd like you to leave now."

At his words signaling the end of the conversation, I shook my head firmly.

"No."

"... Even if you insist, thereГўВҖВҷs nothing more I canГўВҖВ”"

"ThatГўВҖВҷs not it. IГўВҖВҷll leave, but I need to take care of something first."

After all, I heard I could upgrade the Orb of Fire here.

"The basement was over there, right?"

LetГўВҖВҷs grab what we need and get out.

***

[You have acquired the Complete Orb of Fire.] 

[Your current Orb of Fire evolves into the Complete Orb of Fire.]

***

When I went down to the basement and obtained another Orb of Fire, it merged with the one I already had and changed.

Its appearance didnГўВҖВҷt change completely, but the flames swirling inside the orb looked much stronger.

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷll test the effects later...ГўВҖВҷ

Still, it was kind of amazing.

Even when I had two Orbs of Fire before, this kind of event didnГўВҖВҷt happen.

Does it have to be the Orb of Fire obtained here?

ThatГўВҖВҷs when a new question came to mind.

"Noark, what exactly is this place?"

What kind of space is this, really?

No matter how I looked at it, it didnГўВҖВҷt seem like the usual Otherworld you could enter through MillarodenГўВҖВҷs Mirror...

"A sanctuary."

Oh, so even the field name is different.

"How do you enter? Are there conditions?"

ГўВҖВң......ГўВҖВқ

"I canГўВҖВҷt tell you. As the name says, this is my sanctuary. I canГўВҖВҷt allow anyone else in."

"But weГўВҖВҷre already here, arenГўВҖВҷt we?"

"If the Labyrinth werenГўВҖВҷt in such an unstable state, you never wouldГўВҖВҷve been able to come."

"Sounds like the entry conditions are pretty strict."

DonГўВҖВҷt tell me I need to gather seven Orbs of Fire like Dragon Balls or something?

Well, not that it matters anymore.

"Now, please leave. IГўВҖВҷve given you everything I can."

"Geez, pushy much. You know weГўВҖВҷll leave eventually anyway."

"......"

After leaving the basement, I looked around the living room once more.

Zephyros was still standing like a broken robot near the front door.

Upstairs, that woman Tarvian and the child were probably still frozen like that.

[This is all just a play created by that child.]

Suddenly, I remembered what Noark said earlier.

The word ГўВҖВҳplayГўВҖВҷ really hit differently now.

"A play for just one person... I see why itГўВҖВҷs called a sanctuary."

Noark didnГўВҖВҷt say anything in response to my muttering, and for some reason, seeing him like that made me say something without thinking.

"Are you... satisfied with this?"

Again, no answer.

But his expression was enough.

"......"

A face filled with bitterness, as if to say, how could I be?

As a Barbarian who couldnГўВҖВҷt stand seeing such faces by nature, I ended up slapping him hard on the back.

Thwack! Thwack!

A satisfying sound echoed from his back.

"W-What are you doingГўВҖВ”!"

He flinched like a non-aggressive monster taking damage, and before things got worse, I quickly said,

"Just hang in there a little longer."

"... What?"

"I donГўВҖВҷt like the way things are now either."

Honestly, there wasnГўВҖВҷt much else I could say.

I didnГўВҖВҷt know enough to make any promises.

"... Was that supposed to be comfort just now?"

He asked as if heГўВҖВҷd just realized it, and I just shrugged and walked out the door.

And thenГўВҖВ”

FwooooshГўВҖВ”!!

As I moved away from the mansion, the sanctuary where the Orb of Fire had been began to burn.

I stopped for a moment and watched the flames.

"Tsk..."

Once we leave, that sanctuary will rebuild itself.

And that guy will probably sneak in again like a pervert to watch the same old play.

My feelings became even clearer.

ГўВҖВҳYeah, I really donГўВҖВҷt like it.ГўВҖВҷ

If I donГўВҖВҷt like something, I get rid of it.

ThatГўВҖВҷs the Barbarian way.

***

After leaving NoarkГўВҖВҷs sanctuary, I rejoined my companions who had been watching from a distance.

We took the time to rest and prepare before the dimensional collapse resumed.

Those who needed rest were allowed to rest.

Those who had the energy talked freely about what might happen next, preparing for all possibilities.

Oh, and I tested the newly upgraded Orb of Fire with RavenГўВҖВ”

"Uh..."

"... ThereГўВҖВҷs no way the numbers are wrong, right?"

"YouГўВҖВҷre the one who gave the numbers, so what are you talking about?"

The result was shocking.

[All fire damage within a 15-meter radius is reduced by 90%.]

No longer limited to ГўВҖВҳdamage over timeГўВҖВҷГўВҖВ”this applied to all fire damage.

A 15-meter aura that granted 90% immunity to fire damage.

"ThatГўВҖВҷs insane..."

Fire attribute is dead now.

**********

[We're now caught up with the Author]

[One chapter today. No new release yet]

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 824 ---

Chapter 824. Every Man for Himself (1)

Fire Damage Immunity 90%.

And it wasn't a single-target application, but an area-of-effect Aura.

These two very simple sentences carried an immense meaning.

Isn't that obvious?

Any Rift with a fire concept, no matter what floor it was on, could be cleared with ease, and likewise, even if it was a Rank 1 monster, there was no reason to fear it anymore if it was purely of the fire attribute.

'WellГўВҖВҰ that's in theory, though.'

In the first place, you had to enter most Rifts to know what they were like.

Meaning, it was difficult to go in perfectly prepared, thinking, 'It's a fire type!'

Also, you could only encounter Rank 1 monsters on the Ninth or Tenth FloorsГўВҖВҰ

To go straight to the Ninth or Tenth Floors relying only on the Orb of Fire was fraught with risks given our current stats.

'...

Would the Underground First Floor Library be a bit different?'

The place where I could summon things as I pleased suddenly came to mind, but it was just a passing thought.

After all, wasn't that a place I could barely escape from only after swearing an oath never to return?

Having received travel money on my way out, I couldn't guarantee what would happen if I broke the oath and went back.

'No, wait a minute.'

I suddenly recalled a conversation with the 'Village Chief', who had now become Jerome Saintred, during the exploration of the Underground First Floor.

[Every ten to fifteen years at the shortest, and every thirty to forty years at the longest, corpses like these have fallen from the sky.]

[I surmise that it might be related to the Dimensional Collapse.]

Indeed, the Village Chief presented the exploration logs the corpses had as evidence for his speculation, and those logs contained the survival accounts of explorers caught in a Dimensional Collapse.

Therefore, this premise was already proven.

ГўВҖВҳIf you get swept up in a Dimensional Collapse, you can end up on the Underground First Floor.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, this premise didn't mean you would definitely go to the Underground First Floor, but that you could if you were unlucky.

But...

ГўВҖВҳ2012...ГўВҖВҷ

Just thinking about it made my breathing slightly labored.

Thump-thump!

If, I were to go back there againГўВҖВҰ

What would happen then?

Surviving and returning with just these members, without the help of the Royal Army, seemed nigh impossibleГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThatГўВҖВҷs enough useless worrying.ГўВҖВҷ

I forcibly cut off the endless stream of thoughts.

Crackle-.

ГўВҖВңHey! The collapse is startingГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Hoo, I guess the break is overГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңEveryone, stick close to my sideГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

For now, it was time to focus on surviving today.

***

A Dimensional Collapse does not end in a single event.

Unlike what explorers generally think, it proceeds slowly.

A Dimensional Collapse is something that can last from a few days at its shortest, to as long as two weeks.

'Is this the second Wave nowГўВҖВҰ'

In a Dimensional Collapse event, no one can predict how many waves there will be.

If it ends quickly, the event might conclude around the seventh Wave, butГўВҖВҰ

'The highest record was 15 wavesГўВҖВҰ'

At that time, my character's stats were at a level for tackling the Ninth Floor.

On top of that, I had a series of small lucky breaks, like having good matchups during the Dimensional Collapse.

However, despite all that, we were ultimately annihilated.

The record for surviving and returning was 14 waves.

That record was also from my last playthrough.

Having survived a Dimensional Collapse of 14 waves, I gained many things in the process, and using that as a stepping stone, I was finally able to reach the Gate of the Abyss.

ГўВҖВңAnd then I was dragged into this world.ГўВҖВқ

Damn it.

I should have never touched that game.

Of all the games to get into, why did it have to be that one?

ГўВҖВҳ...

Is it a little too late to complain now?ГўВҖВҷ

I had experienced many things since waking up in the body of a Barbarian Warrior.

I explored, and I defeated many enemies.

I found precious treasures in the vast Labyrinth, and conversely, I also lost something precious.

Also, in the midst of those experiences.

'Bjorn Yandel, not Lee Hansoo.'

I made a choice.

Whether I liked it or not, I decided to live in this world that held so many things I cherished.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaa!!!ГўВҖВқ

I roared the name of my Ancestral Spirit and swung my Hammer.

Crunch-!

In the early stages of the collapse, the number of high-rank monsters had not yet accumulated, and so the battle formation had not yet crumbled.

Since fatigue had not yet set in, I didn't feel any major threat for the moment.

Whoosh~!

Well, it was a little unnerving to have to constantly adapt to new environments and new monsters as the surrounding scenery changed without any warning during battle, butГўВҖВҰ

'Still, my Experience Points are rising nicely for the first time in a while.'

That was one comforting thing, I suppose.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Valantis Mage.

EXP +5ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Valantis Knight.

EXP +4ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Valantis Fixer.

EXP +3ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Valantis Royal Guard.

EXP +6ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Valantis Wandering BardГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Mausoleum of Valantis.

A Hidden Field on the Seventh FloorГўВҖВҷs Dark Continent, which, like the Fourth Floor's 'Larkaz's Maze', required meeting special conditions or being extremely lucky to enter.

A place that would normally require planning an expedition and several tries just to get in.

'Did I gain over 200 experience in just 15 minutesГўВҖВҰ?'

As expected of a field characterized by dozens of types of elite monsters, I was able to gain a tremendous amount of Experience Points in that short time, and this continued throughout the Dimensional Collapse event.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Ice Golem.

EXP +4ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Frozen Mimic.

EXP +4ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Ice CoreГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

I was sure these Experience Points would be a great help.

The higher an explorerГўВҖВҷs rank, the more exponentially the difficulty of leveling up increased.

It would become a great nourishment for our Anabada Clan.

Crunch-!

Yes, if only we can make it back alive.

ГўВҖВңGather up!!ГўВҖВқ

Just as I was smashing the heads of the cold-attribute monsters appearing in the blizzard, the surrounding environment suddenly changed.

Fwoosh~!

What I saw was a Sea of Fire that covered everything.

For a moment, I wondered if I had returned to the Burning Forest from a while ago, butГўВҖВҰ

'It's different.'

I quickly scanned the surroundings and noted its features.

Even though it was all just burning flames, there were parts to observe carefully.

A hard floor made of marble.

Moreover, they were black tiles, which was distinctly different from being scorchedГўВҖВҰ

Swoosh.

Looking up, a ceiling was also clearly present.

In other words, it meant we were indoors, not outdoorsГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰ where is this now?ГўВҖВқ

After discovering some unidentifiable Stone Tablets through the flickering flames, I soon realized where this place was.

ГўВҖВңRed Dragon's Sanctum.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhaaat?!ГўВҖВқ

It seemed that, aside from Raven, most of them didn't know where this place was just by hearing the name, so I quickly added an explanation.

ГўВҖВңIt's one of the Eighth-Floor rifts.ГўВҖВқ

For reference, the Guardian that appeared was the ГўВҖВҳRed DragonГўВҖВҷ.

It possessed a passive [Dragon Fear], and because of that, it was a monster of monsters that could only be challenged in a Raid if all members had reached Level 9.

However, there was no need to worry about that creature.

After all, the place I landed in isn't the Boss Room, is it?

'Seeing as it's indoors, it must be a passage section.'

Fortunately, the place we landed in was the passage just before entering the Boss Room, in other words, a location around the third chapter of the Rift.

And the monster that appeared here wasГўВҖВҰ

Rumble!

A giant that dropped flames like beads of sweat with every step.

ГўВҖВңIt's a Lava Giant!ГўВҖВқ

For reference, the Lava Giant is a Rank 4 monster, and I have a bit of a connection with it.

Dragon Slayer Regal Vagos had its Essence.

ГўВҖВңTo see such hulks approaching in a horde, it feels like the end of the world has come.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat's with the sudden change? Are you scared or something?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOf course not.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBe especially careful when you see steam rising from their heads! It means [Furnace] has been activated! Oh, and Cold and Fire Damage won't work, so don't use them!ГўВҖВқ

Seeing that thing made me recall old memories.

Back then, the Dragon Slayer who possessed that Essence was such a fearsome being.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThis is more manageable than I thought!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey may be Rank 4, but their movements are sluggish!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDon't let your guard down!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar, Kaislan, and Sven Parab, who stood at the vanguard to form the formation, easily blocked the Lava Giants swarming from all sides.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢArua Raven has cast the Fifth-Rank Attack Magic [Lightning Spear].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢBelleg Shusia di Tersia has cast [Horn of Souls].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢLilith Marone has cast the Third-Rank Summoning Magic [Stone of the Earth].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll magic spells cast within range will be converted to the physical attribute.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢErwen Fornachi di Tersia hasГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

The overwhelming focused fire from the rear guard, unleashed while the vanguard held the line.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Lava Giant.

EXP +6ГЈВҖВҚ

The giant that was closest collapsed its heavy body onto the floor and turned into a Halo of Light.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Lava Giant.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Lava GiantГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

One by one, the other Lava Giants followed.

It was expected.

After all, at our current stats, Rank 4 was more than manageable, andГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢAll Fire Damage within a 15m radius is reduced by 90%.ГЈВҖВҚ

We also had the Orb of Fire now.

The fire-type Supernatural Abilities used by the Lava Giant were as good as nullified.

Well, a simple punch would still register as Physical damage, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңSlow, so slow! Hahahat!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңF-Fenelin! Calm down a bit! If you keep rampaging like thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBahella!!!ГўВҖВқ

Not a single one of us was about to be hit by a punch so sluggish that even Ainar, who had entered a battle-crazed state, could leisurely dodge it.

Hmm, or maybe not?

Thwack~!

No sooner had I thought that than a fist slammed into Ainar's side.

ГўВҖВңAck!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFenelin!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHahahaha! I'm fine!ГўВҖВқ

However, perhaps because she was tough, Ainar continued to fight as if nothing had happened even after taking a blow.

ГўВҖВҳHooГўВҖВҰ is this a section to catch our breath?ГўВҖВҷ

I, who had been keenly observing and guarding against changes in the environment, changed my attitude this time.

It might have been different without the Orb of Fire, which had evolved to have god-tier performance.

In the current situation, the Red Dragon's Sanctum was a field that could be cleared with ease.

Therefore, there was only one thing we had to do right now.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, conserve your resources as much as possible and focus on recovering your stamina!ГўВҖВқ

To preserve as much stamina as possible until the next Wave.

It was just as I was letting my guard down a little and engaging in battle.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

My Warrior's Heart sensed the anomaly first.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰWhat is it?ГўВҖВҷ

My mind belatedly searched for the reason.

Swoosh.

I quickly moved my gaze, carefully checking for any changes in the surroundings.

Craaaash-!

ГўВҖВңHahahat! You think that'll hit me, giants!ГўВҖВқ

A state of super-concentration where even the sounds that had passed by meaninglessly were now captured more clearly.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhat is it?ГўВҖВҷ

I didn't know.

No matter how much I looked, nothing had changed.

Then why on earthГўВҖВҰ

Thump-thump!

Do I feel so ominous?

Mistaking it for tension.

Or paranoia.

I hoped this phenomenon was due to a mental cause, but contrary to that wish, I quietly finished my preparations.

Wasn't it obvious?

How many times has the Sixth Sense of this primal warrior's body saved me?

Although I couldn't figure out the reason right nowГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңCease combat!ГўВҖВқ

Still, there was no harm in being cautious.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, assemble by my side!ГўВҖВқ

It was in that moment, as I was quickly giving the order.

My body suddenly froze.

It didn't take long to realize the cause.

I had experienced it once before.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is within range of [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ

A gap in class.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is afflicted with 'Paralysis' for 10 seconds.ГЈВҖВҚ

Just as it had been that day when I encountered a Bone Dragon while exploring outside the fortress wall with Lee Baekho's party.

Chills ran down my spine, and my body stiffened.

Swoosh.

With my neck rigidly fixed, I barely moved my pupils to look into the flickering flames, and through them, a massive shadow revealed itself.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰA Red Dragon.ГўВҖВҷ

A being that should have been quietly waiting in the Boss Room, something I should never have encountered in this third chapter passage.

ГўВҖВҳHow on earth is that bastard hereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВҷ

A groan almost escaped me, but I forced down all my questions.

What did the reason matter?

The important thing was that the bastard had appeared before my eyes.

So damn unfortunately.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 825 ---

Chapter 825: Every Man for Himself (2)

Thump~!

Ignoring the frantic beating of my heart, I calmly counted the time.

Rumble~!

The moment that giant dragon bastard fully revealed itself beyond the flames and we entered its range.

'Seven seconds.'

Not even three seconds had passed.

There were still seven seconds until the paralysis wore off, and in my opinion, that was more than enough time.

In that time, that dragon bastard with a Rank 1 label would tear my carefully raised Anabada Clan in half.

'What should I do?'

How can I stop that dragon bastard from melting my people?

A crossroads of survival.

In a state of extreme concentration, I kept asking myself that one question, over and over.

ГўВҖВңUgh!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMy bodyГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Erwen, Misha, and all the other expedition members were in a state of paralysis.

It was only natural.

Our expedition team didn't have any Level 9 members yet.

For classes like Mages or Holy Knights, who don't have levels, something else becomes the standard, butГўВҖВҰ

'Raven expected this, but it seems Parab didn't pass for 'Level 9' eitherГўВҖВҰ'

Now that we've all turned into statues, how in the world can I stop that dragon bastard?

Just when my chest felt tight with the lack of an answer.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Amelia, calling my name as she approached me, came into view.

Thud.

Judging by her deeply furrowed brow, she seemed to be in considerable discomfortГўВҖВҰ

'She's movingГўВҖВҰ?'

It was astonishing.

Amelia was still Level 8, just like me.

Well, I had only just entered the level, while she was nearly at the end of itГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰAh!

At that moment, something flashed in my mind.

What if her experience bar, which was just about to be full, had filled up completely during this Dimensional Collapse?

What if she had reached Level 9 but couldn't say anything because we were in the middle of a battle?

'This is it.'

It was a variable I hadn't considered at all, but thanks to it, I now had a fighting chance.

ГўВҖВңEmilyГўВҖВҰ! Retreat! Take all the members and get over there!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

What do you mean, 'what?'

During a Dimensional Collapse, it's best to hold your ground and endure the waves, but if an enemy you can't handle appears, you have to run.

And I had clearly explained that method to everyone.

But why did I only just remember it now?

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAh! Understood!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI can be last, so get the others first!ГўВҖВқ

Amelia moved like lightning, grabbing the frozen members and moving them off the tile.

No, to be preciseГўВҖВҰ

Whoosh!

She grabbed them by the scruff of their necks and threw them like luggage.

Erwen, who was right nearby, Auyen, Misha, Marone, Raven, and even Erwen's maternal uncle, BellegГўВҖВҰ

After tossing them all to one side, just as she grabbed the Guild Master by the neck.

Fwoooooosh-!

Even amidst the roaring flames, a distinct blast of extreme heat was fired.

[The Red Dragon casts [Red Breath].]

It was an area-of-effect skill that all dragons possessed, practically an instant-kill.

But it was a relief, in a way.

'We can withstand this.'

Normally, I wouldn't be so sure, but right now, we had the Orb of Fire.

Classes like Mages or Rogues might be a different story.

But with the damage reduced by ninety percent, the tanks could definitely endure it.

Whoosh~!

Furthermore, the Guild Master was also thrown just in time, succeeding in the emergency escape, and Amelia, too, had instinctively hidden right behind me.

[The character has cast [Giant Form].]

[The character has cast [Iron Fortress].]

[The character has cast [Scales of Greed].]

As soon as I activated my Supernatural Abilities and took a defensive stance, the flames swept over my entire body like a gale.

[All fire damage within a 15m radius is reduced by 90%.]

Despite that, an intense pain, as if my skin was burning.

However, this was actually a positive sign.

If my whole body had melted, I likely wouldn't even be able to feel the pain properly.

ZzzztГўВҖВ”.

My joints ached and my insides felt stiff, though.

[The conditions for [Dragon's Claw] have been met.]

[Physical damage will be applied equivalent to the magic damage taken.]

This damn hybrid damage.

It was fortunate that the physical damage was calculated from the 90% reduced damage, at least.

FwooooooooshГўВҖВ”!!

In any case, the flames that seemed like they would pour down forever finally subsided.

ГўВҖВңEmily, are you alright?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have no problem moving for now.ГўВҖВқ

Even though she was behind me, she was still injured.

For her to say that, she must be in a serious state.

[The 'paralysis' status has been lifted.]

Though I was worried about Amelia's condition, I immediately ran forward as soon as the paralysis wore off.

Because my truly life-threatened comrades were over there.

Thanks to the 90% damage reduction, they hadn't died even after taking a direct hit from the breath, but the vanguards of our Anabada Clan had been left in a near-death state.

[GrooooooooarГўВҖВ”!!]

But the Red Dragon let out a ferocious roar, as if it was displeased by the mere fact that they were still alive.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Gurgle.

[GrrrrrrГўВҖВҰ]

The beast fiercely thrust its jaws toward the vanguards, who couldn't even stand properly.

Its first target appeared to be Sven Parab.

Thump-.

Fortunately, I didn't miss the golden time.

Just as the massive jaws were about to swallow Sven Parab whole, my shield, which I had rushed forward with in time, wedged itself between the beastГўВҖВҷs teeth like a gag.

Craaaaaash!

[GrukГўВҖВҰ?]

The beast seemed flustered that its mouth wouldn't close because of a mere lump of iron.

Hey, don't look down on the Indestructible property.

ГўВҖВңParab, are you okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, ahГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Sven Parab looked dazed, his eyes fixed on the vicious fangs visible between the wide-open jaws.

As I wondered what to do, Amelia, who was in the rear, quickly approached him.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou're heavy, so relax your body.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRainesГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDid you not hear me tell you to relax?ГўВҖВқ

Amelia dragged the immobile Sven Parab toward the rear, where she had tossed the other comrades.

Kaka-gak, kagagagak!

The dragon bastard kept clenching its jaw, trying to crush the bulletproof shield that could never be destroyed.

Hah, I just hope I can hold on like this until Ainar and Kaislan retreat.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

[Grooooooooar~!]

With the sound of a roar rumbling right in front of me, I felt my body defy gravity.

It wasn't hard to understand what was happening.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

Apparently angered by its inability to break the shield, the beast had lifted its head high with me still in its mouthГўВҖВҰ

[Grooooooooar~!!]

Of course, it wouldn't be a problem at all if the beast just chewed, bit, and tore at me to vent its anger.

The problem was the environment we were in.

Zzzzzzt!

The field effect of 'Dimensional Collapse,' where a comrade would disappear if they took even a single step across the invisible barrier.

Separate from the monsters, we were trapped inside an invisible glass box.

But what if it plucks me out of the box like a crane game?

The result was all too obvious.

Flash~!

With a blinking flash of light, a new space appeared.

***

As the pure white light faded, what appeared was a sea of brilliant color.

No, to be precise, it was several hundred meters above that sea.

Whoooooosh~!

I was falling from that high sky.

Hmm, for about four seconds.

Flash~!

Even while falling, the view before me flickered ceaselessly, and the surroundings changed.

The sky turned black, then bright again, cliffs appeared on both sides, then green bushes came into view.

Whoooooosh~!

At times, the laws of physics were reversed, and my body shot upwards.

After that repeated several times.

Craaaaaaaaaaash~!

The place I finally arrived at was a desert where a dry, warm wind blew.

The actual distance I fell seemed to be less than five meters, but perhaps because of the momentum built up until then.

A crater formed in the sand around me, as if a meteorite had fallen.

ГўВҖВңHaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

At least the sand was soft, but the grains of sand that seeped into my armor mixed with my sweat, creating an unpleasant sensation.

No, was that not the real reason?

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I couldn't say anything.

An irritation that was hard to define in a single word welled up, making me want to just lie here for a while.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңDamn dragon bastardГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I wonder if this was how the enemies I pulled in with the [Eye of the Storm] and [Transcendence] combo felt back in the day.

I never thought I'd be separated from my comrades like this.

Sigh.

Forcibly pushing away my weak thoughts, I got up and looked at the sky.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I barely managed to hold back a sigh, but it didn't make me feel any better.

Because I had no idea how to find my way back to where my comrades were.

The Labyrinth during a collapse is similar to the formations in martial arts novels.

You know, the ones where you can find the path if you follow the correct steps through an illusion.

That's why I was able to use the retreat strategy earlier.

If you enter from the same place, the probability of exiting into the same field is quite high.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIn this case, how do I get back?ГўВҖВқ

I deliberately didn't think too deeply about that question.

Thinking about it more wouldn't turn the impossible into the possible.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

Sigh.

Praying for the safety of my other comrades, I slowly looked around.

A vast desert with no end in sight.

And a mechanical-type monster that detected an intruder and burst out from the sand.

'Cannon Golem.'

Rank 7.

Thanks to that, it was easy to confirm my location.

[The character has entered a special zone.]

[Field Effect - Gunnery Desert is now active.]

[The penetration power of all ranged weapons is increased by 1,000%.]

Gunnery Desert.

One of the Second Floor Rifts accessible from the Rock Desert.

Boom-!

The Cannon Golem fired a mana bullet as if it were a celebratory cannon, and taking this as a signal, other monsters also revealed themselves.

Kobolds, Sandmen, and so on.

Monsters that could be seen in the original Rock Desert.

However, there was one big difference between them.

They were all holding a very shoddy-looking pistol, which they must have picked up from somewhere.

But they were still just Rank 7 monsters.

[You have defeated a Cannon Golem.

EXP +3]

[You have defeated a Kobold Gunslinger.

EXP +2]

[You have defeated a West SandmanГўВҖВҰ [ГўВҖВҰ]]

It didn't take long to kill them all.

Experience Points that I couldn't obtain in the one-person Rift on the Underground First Floor, where only the Guardian appeared without any weaker monsters.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Once the monster cleanup was finished, all sorts of thoughts began to swirl in my head again.

What happened to the comrades who retreated before the breath was fired?

Did they manage to enter the same map and join up?

What about Amelia and Ainar, whom I left behind at the end?

Are they safe?

No, even if they succeeded in retreating safelyГўВҖВҰ will everyone be able to survive the collapse event and reunite in the city?

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Just as my thoughts continued to trail on endlessly.

ГўВҖВңAaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

Suddenly, a desperate scream came from behind me.

I quickly turned my head to check and witnessed a strange man falling out of thin air, as if he were breaking his fall.

Tumble, tumble.

The man, who had rolled on the sand, hastily picked up his weapon, got up, and assumed a guarded stanceГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHiiik!!ГўВҖВқ

He then saw me in my [Giant Form], let out a startled gasp, and stumbled backward.

There was no conversation, but I had a rough idea of the situation.

'He got left behind aloneГўВҖВҰ'

I didn't feel any particular sympathy.

On the contrary, my mind became clear.

'Am I also left behindГўВҖВҰ?'

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰLord, Baron Yandel?ГўВҖВқ

Looking at the man who seemed to have recognized me belatedly, I asked only one thing.

ГўВҖВңYou, what's your name?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңM-Maze Liner, sir!ГўВҖВқ

Okay, so he's not a Hans.

He passed the first interview.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you good at?ГўВҖВқ

Even though he was left behind alone, he was still an explorer.

At this random, out-of-the-blue question, the man flinched for a moment but quickly assessed the situation and answered my question with passion.

ГўВҖВңI'm confident in everything except combat!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMy combat ability might be considered lacking at Rank 5! But I've never been told that I can't pull my own weight anywhere! From this moment on, I will do whatever the Baron commands without a single complaint! Please, just take me with you!ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, he seems like a sharp one, at leastГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs Viscount Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

I had to set the record straight.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 826 ---

Chapter 826: Every Man for Himself (3)

Maze Liner.

Surprisingly, he was a high-level talent, a Rank 3 Explorer from the Guild.

Well, his combat ability was far below his rank, but that was beside the point.

In fact, I rated that highly.

Doesn't that just prove how outstanding his other skills are?

'And he was only thirty-three, wasn't heГўВҖВҰ?'

A Rank 3 Explorer at the age of thirty-three.

He had a rather cool nickname, and while not from a major clan, he was the Vice-Captain of a mid-tier one, just a step below.

ГўВҖВҳThough it was a bit funny that he said so himself.ГўВҖВҷ

In any case, there was no arguing he was an elite.

After all, this Labyrinth was a place only those of a certain caliber could enter.

And he even survived until the first day of the collapse, so he must be able to pull his own weight.

ГўВҖВҳOkay, so the ability assessment is finishedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I, who had been sitting comfortably with my legs crossed to be at eye level with him, slowly rose to my feet.

ГўВҖВңAlright, letГўВҖВҷs get going.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYesГўВҖВҰ? What do you mean, go?ГўВҖВқ

Ah, did I not tell him?

ГўВҖВңI need to find my companions.ГўВҖВқ

I gave a short explanation, but he still looked like he didn't understand.

ГўВҖВңI plan to search the entire Labyrinth, wherever I can.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy are you silent?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ hahaГўВҖВҰ I-I see? Y-Your companions must be very lucky. T-to have such a reliable Viscount as their CaptainГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Hmph, whatГўВҖВҷs he on about.

It's obvious he's wondering if he should find another nest right now.

ГўВҖВңSo, hurry up and get on.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰY-Yes? Get onГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

I thought he was a sharp one at first, but why is he so dazed now?

Well, since he said heГўВҖВҷd do whatever I told him, I suppose there's no need to ask his opinion.

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

I grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and forcibly slung him over my shoulder.

Its name, Barbarian Tank Mode.

ГўВҖВңHold on tight. Assume you'll die if you fall off.ГўВҖВқ

We're off.

***

Snowfields and plains.

Kwoong.

Canyons and river mouths.

Kwoong.

Mysterious forests and burning fields.

Kwoong.

Caves with flowing lava.

It wouldn't mean much to name any specific terrain.

Since we stayed in each for less than a few seconds.

ГўВҖВңBAHELLAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!ГўВҖВқ

I was currently dashing through the Labyrinth.

KWOONG!!

With every step, a heavy sound echoed as my feet hit the ground.

[Grrrrrk!!]

I ran on, pushing aside the countless scattered monsters with my shield.

Of course, the monsters didn't just stand by and watch.

These monsters, whose sole purpose was to kill the explorers who invaded the Labyrinth, attacked without a moment's hesitation the instant they saw us running.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Demon Realm Archer has cast [Baptism of the Moon].ГЈВҖВҚ

Arrows rained down.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Ice Moon Ghost has cast [Ice Spear].ГЈВҖВҚ

Ice spears flew in.

They cast curses, petrified us, and drained our MP.

ГўВҖВңU-Uwaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

Liner, on my shoulder, kept screaming, proving with his own body just how insane this was.

ГўВҖВңEndure it!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-If it had come a little closer, my he-headГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI get it, so just endure it!ГўВҖВқ

I was confident.

ГўВҖВңBecause this is the best way!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңD-Do you really have to find your companions?!ГўВҖВқ

A remark that seemed to cross the line was heard, but I just smirked and let it go.

After all, what I was doing now wasn't simply for the goal of finding my companions.

Isn't that right?

I am a Tank.

Even a Rank 4 monster takes quite a while to kill, so as the waves repeat, the monsters are bound to pile up.

Therefore, standing still is a suicidal act.

Like a shark that must swim its entire life to breathe, I had to keep running.

That was the only way to survive, andГўВҖВҰ

If there was any consolation, it was that I wasn't walking this path alone.

I had coincidentally found a very reliable companion.

ГЈВҖВҢMaze Liner has cast [Shoulder the Burden].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll negative effects on the character are transferred to Maze Liner.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was a slightly different method from a Priest's purification or a Mage's curse dispelling, but the debuffs that had been piling up on my body vanished completely.

ГўВҖВҰ
ГЈВҖВҢMaze Liner has cast [Negative Devour].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe duration of all negative effects is reduced in proportion to his Mental Power.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEach time a negative effect is removed, Soul Power and HP are greatly restored.ГЈВҖВҚ

The debuffs transferred to him were converted into MP and HP.

ГЈВҖВҢMaze Liner has cast [Blood Supply].ГЈВҖВҚ

And that converted HP was then transferred back to me, creating a virtuous cycle.

Maze Liner was a very well-developed Supernatural Ability user.

And a very rare support type at that.

'His Essence Rank might be low, but the synergy is great.'

Other explorers should learn from this.

Instead of just thinking that only high-rank Essences are good.

ГўВҖВҳHe also said his combat skills are at least Rank 5ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

He said he used a bow for combat support and had a related skill.

I wonder what he looks like when he fightsГўВҖВҰ

GripГўВҖВ”.

Enough with the stray thoughts.

Whoooosh!

I swung the Demon Crusher in my hand with all my might.

Not to strike a vital point and harm the enemy, but with the feeling of pushing them back with force.

KWAAAAANG-!

As a path opened up slightly, creating a gap, I crouched behind my shield and charged.

It was then that my vision flashed again, and a new space appeared.

ГўВҖВңFinally, a person.ГўВҖВқ

I had found the second survivor after Liner.

***

The second survivor was also a man.

He looked to be in his mid-forties.

'Is he the only one leftГўВҖВҰ'

Among the numerous corpses in the area, the old man sat slumped inside a translucent barrier, his eyes shut tight as if he had given up on everything.

But perhaps closing his eyes couldn't quell his fear.

Kwoong! Kwoong! Kwoong!

[KIYAAAAK!]

The old man's body trembled every time the surrounding monsters pounded on the barrier and let out terrifying howls.

'Is he the only one left.'

This old man was a different case from Liner.

Unlike him, who had been separated from his group during the collapse, this old man had stayed with his companions until the very end.

The corpses strewn about proved that this old man was the last one standing.

'Looks like the barrier will break within a minute.'

He would have undoubtedly followed his companions to their end.

If it hadn't been for me.

ГўВҖВңA MageГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

A good find.

He seems like he would be quite useful to carry on my shoulder.

ГўВҖВҰBut as I thought that, my heart grew heavy at the mage's predicament, preventing me from simply being happy.

ГўВҖВҳWill his mental state be okay.ГўВҖВҷ

I was quite worried, but seeing the man enduring alone inside the barrier, I thought it wasn't the worst-case scenario.

Why else would he be holding on, all by himself?

That man had not yet let go of his will to live.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBAHELLAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!ГўВҖВқ

As I let out a mighty roar, the man inside the barrier jumped in surprise and opened his eyes.

And upon discovering me, he was bewilderedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВң!!ГўВҖВқ

Then, a glimmer of hope appeared in his eyes.

However, with dozens of monster species gathered in front of the barrier, there was no time for a long conversation.

ГўВҖВңTake the hint and drop the barrier when the time is right!ГўВҖВқ

With those words, I charged toward the barrier, pushing aside the monstersГўВҖВҰ

Fwoooosh.

The moment I arrived, the barrier was released.

Honestly, I was worried because of his dazed expression.

ГўВҖВңThankfully, he seems to understand what I'm saying.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңY-You came to save me?ГўВҖВқ

Hmph, why else would I come all this way.

ГўВҖВңEnough, just get on.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAaat!ГўВҖВқ

Like pulling a radish from the ground, I grabbed the man by the scruff of his neck and put him on my other shoulder.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңI'll hear what you're good at on the way.ГўВҖВқ

Before the encirclement could tighten further, I quickly pushed aside the monsters and barely managed to escape the map.

The next map was better, at least.

It was a lower floor, and since there were no survivors, it wasn't piled high with monsters.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Kwajik-!

I took a moment to regroup, crushing the heads of the low-level monsters that swarmed me.

ГўВҖВңC-Could it beГўВҖВҰ V-Viscount YandelГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, so hurry up and recite it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңR-Recite? W-What do you mean?ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, unlike Liner, this one is hard to talk to.

I'm getting a slight sense of a liability.

ГўВҖВҳWell, he faced death and lost all his companions.ГўВҖВҷ

I decided to allow for that much and kindly added an explanation.

ГўВҖВңI don't need your name or age. Your rank, school, specialty, and if you have any trump cards, don't hide them and tell me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Once I verbally explained the requirements for boarding the Barbarian Tank Mode, the Mage finally grasped the situation and quickly began his briefing.

In summary, it was this.

ГўВҖВҳA Rank 3 Mage from the Speris School, famous for Spatial Magic.ГўВҖВҷ

His specialties were barriers and teleportation magic.

ГўВҖВңWait, if it's the Speris SchoolГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI already used my Dimensional Gate Magic when I was drafted into the army, so I can't use it anymore.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see.ГўВҖВқ

I wasn't particularly disappointed.

Now that the collapse had begun, Dimensional Gate Magic would be useless anyway.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, if you have a trump card, tell me now. Don't think about hiding it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI can send away anything up to Rank 2! As long as it's not a species specialized in magic resistance!ГўВҖВқ

Using spatial magic to teleport difficult monsters away.

Normally, it would only send them about 30 meters away, but due to the nature of the dimensional collapse, he could make them disappear from right in front of my eyesГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThisГўВҖВҰ could be useful.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңI am 43 years old, my name is Elbain Cutter! I'll be in your care from now on!ГўВҖВқ

Hmph, I told you I don't need your name and age.

I smirked and confirmed one last thing.

ГўВҖВңSoГўВҖВҰ are you okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOkayГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

The mage asked back as if he had no idea what I was talking about, and I spoke a little more cautiously.

ГўВҖВңThe corpses around youГўВҖВҰ they seemed to be your companionsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A very un-barbarian-like, roundabout way of speaking.

But in the end, it was a meaningless consideration.

ГўВҖВңI'm just full of regret right nowГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRegret? It's definitely not your fault.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo think I entered the Labyrinth with such trash, it was the most foolish act of my life!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey begged and begged so I let them join this expedition, but they couldn't even protect me from some measly monstersГўВҖВҰ! And I even got rid of the high-rank monsters for them! Because of those useless commoners, I almost died!ГўВҖВқ

The situation was completely different from what I had thought, and for a moment, I was unconsciously stunned.

He's calling the people who died protecting him trash?

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Still, to look on the bright side, it meant there wouldn't be a situation where the mage's mental state would break and he couldn't do his part, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIn contrast, Viscount Yandel, you are so merciful and reliableГўВҖВҰ Fufu, I will do my best not to be a burden.ГўВҖВқ

Something feels off about this.

ГўВҖВҰShould I just throw him away again?

***

They say that when you get a strange, chilling feeling, that feeling is usually right.

Elbain Cutter was the very picture of an elitist high-rank mage.

ГўВҖВңSince you are of blue blood, Viscount Yandel, you must have realized it upon hearing my family nameГўВҖВҰ My uncle is Baron Cutter.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ I see.ГўВҖВқ

I didn't know.

Where is the House of Baron Cutter?

I think I might have heard of it back when I was studying noble families.

ГўВҖВҳNo wonder he insisted on telling me his name when I said I didn't need it.ГўВҖВҷ

Was it because he wanted to show that off?

ГўВҖВңAh, and a family member of the Speris School's head and my eldest sister have tied the knot.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, and also! My second sister is in marriage talks with the House of Count BabnunГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

What the hell is with this guy?

Even if this place is relatively safe, to be bragging about himself in this situation?

It was absurd, but I just played along.

ГўВҖВңYes, you seem quite special.ГўВҖВқ

Yep, if I were a teacher, I would've sent him to a special class.

ГўВҖВңFufu, I knew you would recognize my worth, Viscount YandelГўВҖВҰ Still, I am deeply moved!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt seems you are in a similar situation to mine, ViscountГўВҖВҰ From now on, I, Elbain Cutter, will risk my life to diligently assist you!ГўВҖВқ

It was somewhat infuriating, but I decided to think positively.

Isn't that right?

As much as he's caught up in his elitist mindset, he's the type to diligently follow and be loyal to any command I, someone of a higher class, give.

Well, in the opposite case, it would be a completely different story.

ГўВҖВңMaze Liner, a Rank 3 Explorer in a similar situation. I'll be in your care.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you a noble? I've never heard of the Liner family.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo. My father runs a leather workshop in Commelby.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA family of artisansГўВҖВҰ But how can we be in a similar situation?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Ahaha.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBesides, aren't you a Rank 3 'Explorer'? Don't you know the basic common sense that a Mage's rank is typically considered one level higher?ГўВҖВқ

It was true that a Rank 3 Mage was a much rarer existence than a regular Rank 3 Explorer, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңFrom now on, I'd like you to be sure to add 'Sir' after my name.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳShould I really just throw him away?ГўВҖВҷ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 827 ---

Chapter 827: Every Man for Himself (4)

Even after picking up the special Mage, Elbain Cutter, the situation itself didn't change much.

"Bahella-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!!"

I charged through the monsters, continuing to move across the map.

The only difference was that the process became a bit smoother than when Rainer was the only passenger.

For one, I could now form a new Binding Spell.

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast the Fourth-Rank Spatial Magic [Blessing of Distortion].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character receives a medium evasion correction.ГЈВҖВҚ

The monsters' normal attacks and skills missed quite frequently.

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast the Third-Rank Spatial Magic [Escape Route].ГЈВҖВҚ

When the path was severely blocked by too many monsters, he would create a magical door on the other side, allowing us to pass through as if using a shrinking technique.

ГўВҖВҳHis performance is pretty decent.ГўВҖВҷ

Well, personality and skill were never proportional anyway.

No, in this line of work, it's often the case that the worse the personality, the more skilled the Explorer.

It's a world where running your mouth off once could get you buried in the Labyrinth.

The fact that he'd survived this long with such a rotten attitude was proof of his skill.

Anyway, that's not what's important.

Kuung!!

I ran through the collapsing Labyrinth, my footsteps sounding like a giant's.

And I repeated the same things as before.

Just like when I picked up Rainer and the special Mage.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you good at?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStealth, assassination, poison techniquesГўВҖВҰ My main weapon is a Dagger, and my Explorer Rank is 3...ГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTsk, a RogueГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

It didn't seem like he would be of much help in the current situation.

He was no different from a freeloader.

Well, his Rank itself is quite high, so he might become useful someday.

ГўВҖВңGet on!ГўВҖВқ

So, I picked him up.

ГўВҖВңYes, yes......!ГўВҖВқ

As befitting a Rogue, he was quick-witted, introducing himself promptly, and upon my command, he immediately settled on my shoulder like the other passengers.

And how much more time passed?

ГўВҖВңI-ItГўВҖВҷs a person.ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

After the third passenger, I discovered a candidate for the fourth.

It was a woman.

Moreover, her appearance was quite peculiar.

She had her entire body wrapped in a slightly stained white cloak, holding only a harp-like string instrument...

ГўВҖВңIs that instrument your weapon? What are you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, I am one who serves Lord HeindelГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat, a Priest?ГўВҖВқ

Holy crap!

If sheГўВҖВҷs even carrying an instrument, doesnГўВҖВҷt that mean sheГўВҖВҷs a Priest from the Three Gods Orchestra?

SheГўВҖВҷs a high-class talent, among the top 0.1% of Priests.

ГўВҖВңHurry and get on!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? Kya, kyaaaaaaak!ГўВҖВқ

Before someone else could snatch her, I quickly selected her and placed her on my shoulder.

With a Priest from the Three Gods Orchestra on board, the stability of my Barbarian Tank Mode increased dramatically.

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Melody of the Moon].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the performance continues, the resource consumption of all characters within the area is reduced by half.ГЈВҖВҚ

Not only could she use one of the most ridiculously overpowered Divine Spells in [Dungeon & Stone]...

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Wolf of the Full Moon].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the song continues, the Mental Power of all characters within the area increases significantly, and the duration of all status effects is greatly reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ

She was also a perfect match with Rainer, the support-type Supernatural Ability user.

Thanks to that, breaking through became much more stable and faster.

However, perhaps my luck had run out, as I didn't encounter any other survivors after the fourth passenger.

Not until the wave ended and a lull arrived.

JiiijijikГўВҖВ”

Yes, the second wave had finally ended.

***

TukГўВҖВ”!

Degururu.

A stone was tossed carelessly.

But of course, that time didn't last long.

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ what do we do now?ГўВҖВқ

The Priestess spoke to everyone.

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ your name is?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI am Maria Shuare Elloid, a humble servant who follows Lord Heindel.ГўВҖВқ

ElloidГўВҖВҰ

SheГўВҖВҷd been singing the whole time, so we didn't have a chance to introduce ourselves.

The freeloading Rogue had tactfully kept his mouth shut.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

Belatedly realizing my huge mistake, I quickly confirmed the Rogue's name.

ГўВҖВңMore importantly, whatГўВҖВҷs your name?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs Creed Allen!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPhewГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

So he isnГўВҖВҷt a Hans.

Seeing me sigh in great relief, the Rogue made a look of confusion, but that wasn't my concern.

ГўВҖВңI am Elbain Cutter. My uncle is Baron Cutter. A pleasure to meet you, Lady Elloid. No, may I just call you Lady Elloid?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes... as you are comfortable...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhu, you may also comfortably call me Elbain.ГўВҖВқ

But seeing him treat her with a friendliness he didnГўВҖВҷt show Rainer, I wondered if religious figures were considered to be of high status.

Hmm, or maybe heГўВҖВҷs just acting that way because sheГўВҖВҷs pretty.

I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure, but Elloid completely ignored the special Mage's favor and got straight to the point.

ГўВҖВң... Rather than that, shouldnГўВҖВҷt we discuss what to do from now on?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat is there to discuss? We have already been saved.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSavedГўВҖВҰ you say?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs right. Having met Viscount Yandel, weГўВҖВҷve already secured our survival tickets.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIndeed, that is surely a matter of Lord Heindel's blessing... But shouldn't we still come up with a plan?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem, that is the point of my words, that there is nothing to plan. IsnГўВҖВҷt that so? You should know by now from what youГўВҖВҷve seen. We just have to keep running like we have been, and thatГўВҖВҷs it.ГўВҖВқ

Well, Elbain's words did have a point.

WeГўВҖВҷd been using the running tactic so far, and there hadn't been a single major threat.

Thanks to the decent synergy of the passengers, excluding the Rogue, the stability of our ГўВҖВҳbusГўВҖВҷ was top-notch.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThere is no more room to take anyone else. At most, maybe one or two more peopleГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Elloid, befitting a religious person, seemed to think of rescue first, but the special MageГўВҖВҷs brain, which specialized in elitism, couldn't comprehend her words at all.

ГўВҖВңWhy must we take them?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe just donГўВҖВҷt have to take them!ГўВҖВқ

His invincible logic was that the lack of space is only a problem if you try to take someone, but if you just donГўВҖВҷt, thereГўВҖВҷs no problem at all.

From that point on, the look in the PriestessГўВҖВҷs eyes as she looked at the special Mage turned cold.

She had felt something off when he had suddenly acted all friendly, and it seemed that feeling had now turned into certainty.

But I wonder if he even noticed.

ГўВҖВңOf course, if itГўВҖВҷs someone of a noble status like Lady Elloid, we must go together. Even if thereГўВҖВҷs no room, we make room by giving up a spot!ГўВҖВқ

The special Mage made a truly special remark, subtly glancing in one direction.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰMay I ask why you are looking at me?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKeuhum, it is nothing.ГўВҖВқ

The Rogue looked dumbfounded at the transparent action, but knowing that he himself wasn't contributing much to the ГўВҖВҳbusГўВҖВҷ operation, he held his tongue.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Did everyone in the group think that conversation with the special Mage was pointless?

Naturally, the topic of conversation shifted to me.

ГўВҖВңDoes it matter what that man claims? In the end, itГўВҖВҷs Viscount YandelГўВҖВҷs decision to make.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount, what do you plan to do from now on?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you have a profound opinion, we would very much like to hear it.ГўВҖВқ

I hesitated for a moment, but I just honestly told them my plan.

ГўВҖВңOnce we have a reasonable number of people, I plan to stop running around recklessly like this.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhh... may the light of the moon protect usГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Elloid, thinking my plan was for the sake of rescuing people, recited a prayer as if in admiration.

But the special Mage didnГўВҖВҷt seem to understand.

ГўВҖВңTo risk danger to help strangers whose names and faces we don't even know, you should think rationallyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The special Mage spat out such shameless words, as if he didnГўВҖВҷt even remember being saved himself.

But is it because his personality is so distinct? For some reason, I don't feel much animosity towards his actions.

It just feels likeГўВҖВҰ heГўВҖВҷs acting that way because heГўВҖВҷs a little lacking.

So I just answered him kindly.

ГўВҖВңThis is a conclusion I reached after thinking rationally.ГўВҖВқ

Regardless of what the Priestess thinks of me, my top priority is survival, not rescue.

Therefore, continuing with today's method was extremely dangerous.

ГўВҖВңYes? I donГўВҖВҷt understand what that means at allГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDo you know how many floors we traversed today?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHahaГўВҖВҰ I joined midway, so I donГўВҖВҷt reallyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI donГўВҖВҷt know either.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut it was well over a thousand.ГўВҖВқ

From the First Floor to the Tenth Floor.

Plus, all the hidden fields and Rifts within them.

We roamed all over the Labyrinth countless times in a single day.

And this is an extremely dangerous act.

ГўВҖВңThere aren't many, but places exist in the Labyrinth where you can die instantly the moment you enter.ГўВҖВқ

One among the Eighth Floor Rifts.

Three in total on the Ninth Floor, including the Lava Lake, the WorldГўВҖВҷs End, and the Source of Dreams.

On the Tenth Floor, a higher floor, there are five.

Of course, not all of these fields result in an unconditional instant death, but if you fall into one unprepared, it's an immediate game over all the same.

Furthermore, there's also a special field called 'Hell'ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳOn the Tenth Floor, thereГўВҖВҷs that place too.ГўВҖВҷ

The final gateway to reach the Gate of the Abyss.

There are instant-death tiles there.

A trap that guarantees instant death the moment you step on it, no matter what preparations you've made.

In fact, I have experience with it.

When the Dimensional Collapse occurred, I abandoned my companion characters and used a method similar to this one just to save my main character.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳDuring the third wave, I stepped on a Tenth Floor instant-death tile and got a game over in vain.ГўВҖВҷ

Therefore, there is only one thing we must do from now on.

ГўВҖВңToday, I had no other choice but to take the risk, but the safest way is to gather as many people as possible and endure the collapse in a standard way.ГўВҖВқ

The best-case scenario here would be to coincidentally find my scattered companions in the process.

ГўВҖВңHmm, now that you put it that way, I understand. That is quite convincing!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt will also serve as a ray of hope for the Explorers who have fallen into despair.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI will follow whichever path you choose!ГўВҖВқ

Fortunately, all the passengers accepted and agreed with my opinion.

Well, only the Rogue said nothingГўВҖВҰ

A freeloader has no right to speak in the first place, so thereГўВҖВҷs no need to pay him any mind.

And so, the discussion about the future ended there.

Thus, onto the next problem.

HwoooongГўВҖВ”!

An open lot cloaked in such thick darkness that even with the light orb summoned by the Mage, the field of vision was less than five meters.

The ground was just covered in dirt and gravelГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs nothing particularly noteworthy.ГўВҖВҷ

Even while talking with the passengers, I surveyed my surroundings and pondered, but I still had no idea.

So, I decided to just honestly ask for opinions from those around me.

ГўВҖВңDoes anyone here have any idea where this is?ГўВҖВқ

Where in the world did we land?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 828 ---

Chapter 828: Every Man for Himself (5)

At first, I didn't think it was that serious.

After all, areas shrouded in deep darkness were a dime a dozen in the Labyrinth.

Due to the lack of any distinguishing features, I couldn't yet pinpoint which map I was on, but I figured I would find out after a little exploring.

But what in the world was going on?

ГўВҖВҳI have no idea.ГўВҖВҷ

Despite having moved quite a distance from the starting point, I still had no clue.

I hadn't seen any monsters that could serve as a clue, and the terrain hadn't changed from the initial spot.

Of course, even if a monster did appear, IГўВҖВҷd have no way of knowing if it was one caught in the Collapse or one that originally lived here.

Trudge, trudge.

As I continued to move slowly and explore, I honestly started to feel a bit confused.

At this point, the lack of features had, paradoxically, become its most distinct feature.

ГўВҖВҳTerrain that is just an endless dirt floorГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

A few places came to mind, but I couldn't be certain yet.

However, one thing was clear: it was highly likely this wasn't a map on the lower floors.

ГўВҖВҳBecause IГўВҖВҷve explored most of the areas below the Seventh Floor myself.ГўВҖВҷ

Phew, where in the world am I?

As I walked with a frown, the Special Mage chimed in.

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ wherever this is, it doesnГўВҖВҷt seem particularly dangerous, so wouldnГўВҖВҷt it be better to rest in one spot?ГўВҖВқ

At a glance, his words were reasonable.

But we are explorers.

We grow by hunting monsters and making discoveries.

I didn't have to look far.

Take the last hiatus, for example.

If I hadn't explored the Burning Forest and upgraded the Orb of Fire, I would have been in big trouble when I met the Red Dragon.

ГўВҖВҳWellГўВҖВҰ setting all that aside, my curiosity is also a big factor.ГўВҖВҷ

To be honest, my curiosity as a Gamer is immense.

Where in the world could this be?

Could this be a place tied to a mystery of the Labyrinth that I don't know about, like those survivors I met in the Burning Forest?

Ah, of course, I didn't say that out loud.

ГўВҖВңRegardless, we have to search. There might be other survivors like us waiting out the stabilization period here.ГўВҖВқ

When I gave them a reasonable explanation, all the passengers accepted it and fell silent.

However, perhaps walking through an empty plain was just too boring.

Our talkative Special Mage brought up a new topic.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, isnГўВҖВҷt this a bit strange?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat is?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Dimensional Collapse. No matter how much I think about it, something seems off.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңJust get to the point.ГўВҖВқ

Frustrated, I raised my voice a little, and the Special Mage, seeming a bit intimidated, started speaking faster.

ГўВҖВңThe distortion phenomenonГўВҖВҰ that is, during the Collapse, thereГўВҖВҷs a transparent barrier on all terrain, and crossing it transports you to a completely different area than what you see. For convenience, IГўВҖВҷll call it a dimensional wall from now oГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

"I get it, so hurry up.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem, the reason we could keep moving and shake off the monsters was because they couldnГўВҖВҷt cross the dimensional wall to follow us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut isnГўВҖВҷt the standard for that a bit strange? When the Collapse continued in one spot and the terrain changed, the monsters with us were clearly transported to the new terrain as well, but they canГўВҖВҷt cross the dimensional wall.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

It was a story more worth listening to than IГўВҖВҷd expected.

If he had been spouting nonsense, I would have used this chance to give him a good knock on the head.

ГўВҖВңIndeedГўВҖВҰ now that I think about it, it is a bit strange.ГўВҖВқ

In the game, I just accepted it as it was, and now that it was Reality, I didn't have the mental capacity to think about such things.

However, it seemed the guy who was a Mage, by title at least, was a little different.

ГўВҖВңMy Speris School studies the physical phenomena of the Labyrinth, including Spatial Magic. This is because the Labyrinth itself, in terms of structure alone, is similar to a massive work of Spatial Magic.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSummarize it so I can understand.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPerhaps the reference point I mentioned earlier is the explorersГўВҖВҰ to be precise, beings from an otherworldly dimension.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLike us?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. Contrary to popular belief, the entire Labyrinth isnГўВҖВҷt collapsing; itГўВҖВҷs simply the space around us that is. As if the Labyrinth itself is trying to expel intruders.ГўВҖВқ

It was an unproven hypothesis, but his last comment stuck with me.

The Labyrinth seems to be trying to expel intrudersГўВҖВҰ

I think Arta had a similar tone when he mentioned the CollapseГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThen the monsters being transported to different terrains with us just means they were caught up in it because they were near us?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, precisely!ГўВҖВқ

The Special MageГўВҖВҷs face lit up as the Priestess showed interest, and he nodded eagerly.

However, the PriestessГўВҖВҷs voice was actually full of skepticism.

ГўВҖВңBut if something like that existed, wouldnГўВҖВҷt it have been researched long ago, and everyone would know about it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰ! This phenomenon is something you can only find strange after experiencing a Collapse firsthand! But how many mages do you think have survived a Collapse?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңQuite a few, IГўВҖВҷd think?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMost mages who explore the Labyrinth tend to neglect research. Do you think those who are only interested in making fire bigger and shooting it faster would even try to understand the phenomenon?ГўВҖВқ

The Special Mage spoke as if he were someone special to have been able to make such a discovery, but I disagreed.

ГўВҖВҳThe Royal Family must have had a hand in it.ГўВҖВҷ

It had to be.

The Royal Family is behind the Dimensional Collapse.

But would those bastards, who threw away explorers every generation, really have stood by and watched as Academic Research was conducted on the Collapse?

Well, I donГўВҖВҷt think so.

And in that senseГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHuhu, once I return to the city, I must conduct some proper research! If the research progresses enough to be published as a paper, the entire academic world will be in an uproar!ГўВҖВқ

The Special MageГўВҖВҷs lifespan didnГўВҖВҷt seem very long either.

Even if he made it back to the city alive, some scary old men would pay him a visit before his paper was completeГўВҖВ”.

Swoosh.

My front paw, which I had stepped forward with absentmindedly, sank in as if I had stepped into mud.

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure what it was, but I felt an instinctive chill.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered the range of [Earthen Body].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEarth Resistance decreases in proportion to the distance from the caster.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou cannot move.ГЈВҖВҚ

Soon, an unpleasant sensation, as if something in the dirt was grabbing my ankle and pulling, made me finally realize where I was.

Old Rock Meadow in the Ninth FloorГўВҖВҷs Grave of Stars.

To be precise, it was a Hidden Field you could enter by going through the ГўВҖВҳSpirit GateГўВҖВҷ there.

ГўВҖВҳThe Eternal Hall.ГўВҖВҷ

The very place where the Rank 1 monster, the Primeval Spirit, appeared.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰIГўВҖВҷve landed in a place far more troublesome than I could have imagined.ГўВҖВҷ

A bitter taste filled my mouth, but what could I do?

ГўВҖВңEveryone, snap out of it!ГўВҖВқ

I have to try.

***

It took only an instant for every passenger, including myself, to realize something was wrong.

ГўВҖВңM-My feetГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat is thisГўВҖВҰ! It feels like something is pulling meГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Hit with the ГўВҖВҳimmobileГўВҖВҷ penalty, our feet were stuck to the ground and wouldn't move.

And that wasnГўВҖВҷt all.

ГўВҖВңThe ground! The ground is moving too!ГўВҖВқ

[Earthen Body] was a skill that rendered targets within its range ГўВҖВҳimmobileГўВҖВҷ before slowly dragging them toward the center.

Needless to say, at the center, the Primeval Spirit would be waiting with its mouth wide open, ready to swallow us whole.

ГўВҖВңViscountГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWh-What is happening right now?ГўВҖВқ

Everyone seemed to have sensed the gravity of the situation, but they had no idea what was going on.

However, instead of explaining, I checked this first.

ГўВҖВңElbain Cutter! How long would it take to cast a multi-teleportation magic right now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt depends on the distance! You have to tell me how far you want to go.ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, according to the lore, the radius of [Earthen Body] is 1 kilometer.

We would be pulled toward the center in a spiral orbit, like satellites drawn in by gravity.

ГўВҖВңOne kilometerГўВҖВҰ no, to be safe, set it to about 1.5 kilometers.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, thatГўВҖВҷs shorter than I thought. If itГўВҖВҷs that distanceГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, you wonГўВҖВҷt be able to draw a Magic Circle on the ground!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? Then IГўВҖВҷll have to draw it in the airГўВҖВҰ in that case, IГўВҖВҷll need more time!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGive me a number. Exactly how many minutes do you need.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTen minutes! It will take ten minutes!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTen minutes?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAny faster than that is impossible, even for me!ГўВҖВқ

The Special Mage seemed to think I was displeased, but it was the opposite.

Ten minutes was a much shorter casting time than I had anticipated.

ГўВҖВҳIs it because this is his specialty?ГўВҖВҷ

Raven would have taken twenty to thirty minutes.

Strangely, the more I saw of him, the more I realized his skills were the real deal.

ГўВҖВңI understand, so start right now.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as my order was given, the Special Mage, instead of replying, closed his eyes and began moving only his lips, as if performing a calculation.

The other passengers, sensing he had an important role, lowered their voices so as not to disturb him.

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ what exactly is this situation?ГўВҖВқ

Phew, how should I explain thisГўВҖВҰ

Since there wasn't much I could do until the teleportation magic was cast, I told them everything I knew.

That there was a Primeval Spirit nearby.

That it was a Rank 1 monster from the Ninth Floor, and once you entered its domain, there was no physical way to escape.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat happens if he canГўВҖВҷt cast the spell in time?ГўВҖВқ

The RogueГўВҖВҷs question, asked cautiously after hearing everything.

I just answered honestly.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷll come face to face with the Primeval Spirit waiting for us at the center.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWith a Rank 1 monsterГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy, are you scared to death?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, but that doesnГўВҖВҷt mean I plan on just dying. Please tell me about it. That way, I can at least try to run or do something.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷre mentally healthier than I thought.ГўВҖВқ

Liking his attitude, I explained about the Primeval Spirit.

However, perhaps hearing it only broke his will even more.

ГўВҖВңPhysical attacks donГўВҖВҷt even work on itГўВҖВҰ what kind of ridiculous monster is thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ThatГўВҖВҷs just how Rank 1 monsters are.

Even the effect of [Earthen Body] is ridiculous.

A skill with a 1-kilometer radius that also has an absurd ГўВҖВҳimmobileГўВҖВҷ effect attached to it.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt worry too much. As long as the spell activates in time, there shouldnГўВҖВҷt be a problem.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo all our lives are riding on that manГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

EveryoneГўВҖВҷs gazes turned to the Special Mage, but he was completely focused on completing the multi-teleportation magic.

Just how much time had passed?

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs getting deeper.ГўВҖВқ

What started as just sinking up to my ankles was now up to my thighs.

The speed at which the ground moved had also gotten much faster.

From a distance, it would look like a river had flooded, sending a landslide of earth swirling about.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, be careful not to fall. If you do, thereГўВҖВҷs nothing I can do to help you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. By the way, Lord Cutter is amazing. To show that kind of concentration in this situationГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have to admitГўВҖВҰ his personality is a bit much, but his skills are solid.ГўВҖВқ

It was around the time that the Special Mage, who was diligently working to complete his spell even in this chaos, began to look different.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWh-WhoГўВҖВҷs there?! Is anyone there?!ГўВҖВқ

A strange voice came from the darkness.

***

An urgent voice asking if anyone was there.

Surprisingly, it wasn't just one voice.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you talking about? ГўВҖВҳIs anyone there?ГўВҖВҷГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, IГўВҖВҷm telling you I definitely heard a human voice!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou must have misheard. Who would be in a place like this? Instead of talking nonsense, letГўВҖВҷs just think about how to get out of heГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

I could confirm at least three people from their voices.

ГўВҖВңWho goes there!ГўВҖВқ

As I shouted loudly, I heard startled gasps from their direction.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰTh-There really is someone!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWait a moment!ГўВҖВқ

After waiting a bit at his words, a bright red flame floated up from the darkness, illuminating the area.

It didn't seem like magic, maybe a spiritГўВҖВҰ

Anyway.

FwooooshГўВҖВ”!

As my field of vision widened, I saw six explorers about 20 meters away, being swept away by the current of earth just like us.

They definitely werenГўВҖВҷt nearby from the start.

Did our orbits happen to align, bringing us close?

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs funny to say this in this situation, but letГўВҖВҷs introduce ourselves! Good to meet you! We are the survivors of the Illuma Clan! Who might you be?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI am Bjorn son of Yandel!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount Yandel? Ah! No wonder youГўВҖВҷre so big! H-Hey, are the people next to you from the Anabada Clan as well?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCircumstances led me to be separated. These are friends I met recently.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ I see! What a shame! By the way, do you know whatГўВҖВҷs happening right now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat do you know so far?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNothing! We donГўВҖВҷt even know where we are! We were searching when our feet suddenly sank and got stuck, you see?ГўВҖВқ

Right, hardly any information about the Ninth Floor has been released, so thereГўВҖВҷs no way theyГўВҖВҷd know about the Eternal Hall, a Hidden Field.

ГўВҖВңThree minutes.ГўВҖВқ

In three minutes, the Special MageГўВҖВҷs promised ten minutes would be up.

Meaning, the spell he was preparing would be complete.

However, since the spell was configured for our group size, adding six more people would require more time.

ГўВҖВңPardon? Could you speak a little louder! I canГўВҖВҷt hear what youГўВҖВҷre sayГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI will give you three minutes!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWh-What on earth do you mean?ГўВҖВқ

What do you think I mean?

ГўВҖВңExplain within that time!ГўВҖВқ

If they canГўВҖВҷt even understand this, they fail the first round of the interview.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you good at?ГўВҖВқ

The only way to prove you deserve to survive is to do it yourself.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 829 ---

Chapter 829: Eternal Hall (1)

There was no need for a long, drawn-out explanation.

In a survival audition, only the quick-witted survive.

The six survivors of the Illuma Clan I encountered in the [Earthen Body] thankfully understood that rule well.

Instead of appealing to emotion, they began to passionately promote themselves.

ГўВҖВңA regeneration-type Guardian. Rank 3. Even when moving in an expedition, I always took the role of lead Guardian. I possess the Essence of Malais.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs you can see, IГўВҖВҷm a warrior who wields a Blunt Weapon. Rank 2. IГўВҖВҷm more specialized in taking down big guys than small ones. While exploring a Seventh Floor Rift, IГўВҖВҷve fought up to Rank 2 monsters, and IГўВҖВҷm confident I pulled my own weight.ГўВҖВқ

One main Tank with a rather rare essence, and a Rank 2 Black Bear Tribe Beastkin Warrior with guaranteed skills.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm a Supernatural Ability user specializing in summoning. IГўВҖВҷve built my essence combination around plants, so when I introduce myself to others, IГўВҖВҷm sometimes called a Plantmancer. IГўВҖВҷm especially confident in many-on-many combat.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm a Guide with a talent for leading. I know how to use my body enough to protect myself, and with my Supernatural Abilities specializing in Stealth and Detection, IГўВҖВҷve always served as a Scout on expeditions. Thanks to a Supernatural Ability called [Luck Detection], IГўВҖВҷve found Gabrielius's Arrangement quite a few times.ГўВҖВқ

I wasnГўВҖВҷt so sure about the Plantmancer, but this Guide here looked very professional.

In terms of abilities, he seemed like a higher-tier version of Rotmiller.

ГўВҖВңI serve Lord ReatlasГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm not as good as the Blood Spirit MarquisГўВҖВҰ but IГўВҖВҷm confident in my archery.ГўВҖВқ

At any rate, there was even a Priest and a Fairy Archer.

It was a shame there was no Mage, but it was a well-rounded group with skills that wouldnГўВҖВҷt hold us back.

The decision didnГўВҖВҷt take long.

ГўВҖВңIs there anyone among you who uses, or has used, the name Hans?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰNo!ГўВҖВқ

Okay, everyone passes.

***

As soon as I gave the notice of acceptance, the Special Mage finished chanting the multi-teleportation magic.

ГўВҖВңWho are they?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt just happened. How many more minutes will it take?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWait just five more minutes.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf possible, please be a bit faster. I think things are about to get tight.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰ Just know that if we get any farther from here, even I will have a hard time.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI know. If that happens, itГўВҖВҷs just their luck.ГўВҖВқ

Whether it was because crafting the spell was quite taxing, the Special Mage sighed but immediately began preparing the additions for six more people.

One minute, two minutes, three minutesГўВҖВҰ

As time passed, the current grew stronger, and the depth also increased.

Ah, should I call it an earth current and Earth Depth in this case?

I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure, but everyone except me was already swallowed up to their waists by the ground.

The only fortunate thing was that the survivors swept away by the flow werenГўВҖВҷt getting farther away but were instead coming closerГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңS-savedГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Well, it was too early to be relieved.

If the magic wasnГўВҖВҷt completed in time, we couldnГўВҖВҷt say we had properly overcome this crisis.

In fact, it seemed we had now reached the center to some extent.

Four minutes.

Only sixty seconds remained until the five minutes the Special Mage had mentioned, but the Mage showed no sign of opening his eyes.

ГўВҖВҳHooГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Still, letГўВҖВҷs think positively.

HadnГўВҖВҷt things gone relatively well even after being separated from my companions? If I hadnГўВҖВҷt picked up this Mage, there would have been no hope at all.

Besides, I still hadnГўВҖВҷt met a Hans yet.

Thirty seconds.

Only thirty more seconds had passed, but the flow had become much faster, and I could feel with my whole body that the critical point was imminent.

It was still hidden by the darkness of the labyrinth and not yet visible,

and I couldnГўВҖВҷt hear any particular sound, either.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The presence of the Primeval Spirit, crouched beyond that darkness, was slowly being felt.

My skin crawled with an instinctive revulsion.

And was it not just me?

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

When I came to my senses, everyone was silent.

As if making even the smallest sound would reveal us to the being beyond the darkness.

We were even careful with our breathing, staring at one spot.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

Fifteen seconds.

The moment fifteen seconds remained until the promised time.

A man broke the unspoken silence and opened his mouth.

ГўВҖВңDamn it, weГўВҖВҷre done for.ГўВҖВқ

A Rank 3 Guide from the Illuma Clan survivor group.

In some ways, the person with the most exceptional senses among us.

Next was the Fairy Archer.

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ! Father of the World! How can such an absurd being possibly existГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Whether she felt the Primeval SpiritГўВҖВҷs presence with her high affinity with nature, or she had simply pierced the darkness with a archerГўВҖВҷs unique ГўВҖВҳvisionГўВҖВҷ and seen it directly.

I couldnГўВҖВҷt tell, but one thing was certain.

ГўВҖВңThe magic! When on earth is the magicГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

We had now entered right under the creatureГўВҖВҷs maw.

As proof of that.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered the range of [Earthen Body].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's Earth Resistance is fixed at 0.ГЈВҖВҚ

My legs, which had been absolutely bound, moved.

It meant the immobility status had ended.

Of course, that didnГўВҖВҷt mean I could move 100% freely.

ГЈВҖВҢMovement speed decreases in proportion to Strength stat.ГЈВҖВҚ

The movement speed reduction effect was applied differentially in proportion to Strength.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's Strength stat is 700 or higher.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMovement speed is reduced by 50%.ГЈВҖВҚ

Beyond this point, it wouldnГўВҖВҷt change no matter how high my Strength was.

Right, soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңFairy Archer! Light a fire!ГўВҖВқ

I focused my mind and gave an order.

ГўВҖВңYe-yes?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe need to secure visibility, donГўВҖВҷt we!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңB-butГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

But what but?

Was she afraid the creature wouldnГўВҖВҷt be able to see us in the dark?

Ah, did she just not want to see it herself?

If so, that was a shame.

ГўВҖВңDo as I say!!ГўВҖВқ

I wasnГўВҖВҷt the type to close my eyes just because I was scared.

Averting my gaze would never change reality.

ГўВҖВңBehel-laaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

With a roar, the Fairy Archer summoned a Fire Spirit, illuminating our surroundings.

Swaaaaaaaah!

The center of the spiraling, sucking earth and sand opened up like a mouth, as if something situated beneath it was opening wide.

Like a whale swallowing plankton.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The chilling gleam of an eye hidden deep within the gaping vortex shone, illuminated by the crimson light.

And the problem here wasГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳZero seconds.ГўВҖВҷ

The time for the magic to be completed had already passed, yet the Special Mage showed no sign of opening his eyes.

It seemed our Special Mage had miscalculated the timeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The Rogue, who had asked me to tell him about the Primeval Spirit so he could at least try to run away in the worst-case scenario, was frozen by its overwhelming presence, unable to do anything.

ГўВҖВҳAre the others the same?ГўВҖВҷ

A weak thought blossomed.

If I had just taken the first ride without adding the six of them, this wouldn't have happenedГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВҳStop.ГўВҖВҷ

Whack-!

I slammed my forehead against the shield I was holding to jolt myself awake.

In the end, it was my choice.

Besides, no matter how much I regretted it, the task at hand wouldnГўВҖВҷt change.

ГўВҖВҳI have to do it.ГўВҖВҷ

In the end, I had to do it.

Sshhhk.

I stretched out a leg from within the earth and sand that had risen to my thighs and took a step forward.

ГўВҖВңWhat, what are you trying to doГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have to buy time until the magic is complete. Anyone who can move, take care of the others!ГўВҖВқ

I gave the order, but no acknowledgement returned.

They say in situations like this, you have to be specific.

ГўВҖВңShield! Hammer! IГўВҖВҷm talking to you two!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, understood!ГўВҖВқ

Phew, so that problem is solved.

Now all thatГўВҖВҷs left is to buy timeГўВҖВҰ

Squelch.

I took another step, pushing through the muck.

Only then did the creatureГўВҖВҷs eyeball, gleaming under the red light, turn toward me.

Its gaze was like it was looking at prey walking up on its own, finding it strange.

Kuuung-.

The moment our eyes met, a feeling like a heavy rock had been dropped on my chest bloomed, and my body froze.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has witnessed a part of a myth.ГЈВҖВҚ

To be precise, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a physical problem but a mental one.

It was as if my brain was bound by chains.

Perhaps it was because I knew better than anyone.

That facing a Rank 1 monster alone and bare-bodied was no different from suicide.

But, on the other hand,

ГЈВҖВҢAchievement UnlockedГЈВҖВҚ

Condition: Mythical Discovery (25)

Reward: Soul Power stat permanently increases by +20.

A sense of fulfillment, as if something was welling up inside my heart, bloomed.

ГўВҖВҳRight.

There was an achievement like this, too.ГўВҖВҷ

The Primeval Spirit was that kind of being.

A monstrous entity that gave a reward just for making eye contact, calling it an achievement.

A natural disaster that, once you were within a 1km radius, you couldn't escape without a Mage.

An overwhelming difference in power that I could never beat to death, even if I was given a lifetime.

Thump-!

But so what?

This was the path with the highest chance of survival.

ГўВҖВңOne minute.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEven if the magic is complete, wait for one minute. IГўВҖВҷll be out within that time for sure. Got it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰNo, what do you meanГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

There was no time to wait for an answer.

A giant hand was already about to emerge from the vortex.

If things continued like this, a standard Raid would begin.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

Tadat!

I kicked off the muddy water that reached my thighs and bungee-jumped into the heart of the fiercely swirling earth.

ГўВҖВңBehellaahhhhhh!!ГўВҖВқ

I will return alive.

And since it has come to this, IГўВҖВҷll take everything I can get.

***

ГЈВҖВҢYou have accepted nature of your own will.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Primeval Spirit feels a strong interest.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered the [Land of the Primeval Spirit].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAchievement UnlockedГЈВҖВҚ

Condition: Enter the Land of the Primeval Spirit.

Reward: Earth Resistance permanently increases by +10.

TIP: The Primeval Spirit, which has existed since the beginning of time, is very fickle.

Be careful not to lose its interest!ГЈВҖВҚ

***

On an open space filled with pitch-black darkness, where the light from the Magical Tool attached to my helmet provided a visible distance of less than 3 meters.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

As soon as I opened my eyes, I steadied my breathing and immediately stood up.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt because I had said to wait for one minute.

Time wouldnГўВҖВҷt pass while I was here anyway.

Well, that didnГўВҖВҷt mean I could waste time, but,

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Land of the Primeval Spirit is granted.ГЈВҖВҚ

Land of the Primeval Spirit.

A kind of Hidden Field you enter when you manually control your character to step on a boss tile with an instant-death damage.

ГЈВҖВҢStatus Effect [Earth Nutrient] is granted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou lose life force every second, and this increases over time.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment I opened my eyes, I felt the life drain from my body.

It wasn't very noticeable yet, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI have to finish within an hour.ГўВҖВҷ

The maximum was one hour.

After that, my life force would drop by several percent per second.

No matter how high my Natural Regeneration was, it would be impossible to handleГўВҖВҰ

Kuuung! Kuuung!

I ran forward in my [Giant Form], my strides now several times larger.

However, every time my feet touched the ground, a strange stinging sensation bloomed.

ГўВҖВҳI think I can see why the people here hate the ground.ГўВҖВҷ

Unlike the perception of Modern Person, the ground was not a positive entity for the people here.

The ground is more greedy than anything else.

A nature that absorbs everything and turns it into nutrients.

That is the essence of the ground.

This was written in the Book of Creation from the Three Gods Church, which stated that only after the Sun God Tobera disciplined the selfish ground did it begin to share what it had, allowing crops to grow and life to flourish.

ГўВҖВҳThough thatГўВҖВҷs an old story.ГўВҖВҷ

In the first place, ever since the Labyrinth City of Rafdonia was born, the ground had never been merciful to humanity.

A city where no resources were buried, except for the Gnome tree, and where no grains grew.

The culprit that forced people to build a Fortress Wall on a small piece of land and live in houses packed like a Chicken Coop.

Is that why?

When people here bury a human corpse, they donГўВҖВҷt just bury it.

They cremate it, put the remains in an urn, and then bury it.

An attempt to have as little contact with the ground as possible.

Kuuung!

As I ran through the wilderness with a visible distance of 3 meters, I suddenly slammed on the brakes.

Screeeech.

I had found the first puzzle a little earlier than expected.

ГўВҖВңMy luck is good.ГўВҖВқ

A Blue Rock had suddenly appeared in the darkness-shrouded wilderness.

What I had to do to this suspicious rock was simple.

IsnГўВҖВҷt it obvious?

The first rule of [Dungeon & Stone].

If you find something suspiciousГўВҖВҰ

Kwaaaaaaaaaaang!

Just smash it first.

Then youГўВҖВҷre at least halfway there.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has destroyed a Moon Shard.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the earth grows slightly stronger.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Primeval Spirit feels a very strong interest.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 830 ---

Chapter 830: Eternal Hall (2)

The Land of the Primeval Spirit.

Truthfully, it wouldn't be quite right to call this place a Hidden Field unconditionally.

Depending on the circumstances, it can also become a raid map.

Even without using the method I did, you can enter this place by reaching the fourth phase.

To be precise, it's a chase to capture the Primeval Spirit after it has been cornered and forced to flee.

Anyway.

'I guess I've taken the first step.'

For someone like me who entered this place peacefully, the way to escape is very simple.

Sun, Moon, and Star.

I just have to destroy a total of ten shards of these three types scattered across the field, earn the qualification, and leave through the exit.

ГЈВҖВҢFive minutes have passed.ГЈВҖВҚ

Before this greedy land completely swallows me whole.

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the status effect [Earth Nutrient] has been enhanced.ГЈВҖВҚ

Feeling the debuff on my body grow one stage stronger, I lifted my hammer high again.

The reason is extremely simple.

If it were simply a matter of wandering the map and breaking shards, I would have explained the situation and thrown the most agile-looking rogue in here.

Swaaaaaah!

Light seeped out from between the shattered pieces, then menacingly took form.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Knights dwelling in the shard awaken.ГЈВҖВҚ

When I came to my senses, I was surrounded by dozens of two-meter-tall knights wielding giant rapiers.

Their official name is Knight of the Moon.

Rank 5.

Their individual ranks aren't that high, but...

For that rogue or the others, this alone would be quite a troublesome and significant threat.

'Yeah, better I do it myself.'

With that thought, I smashed the head of the nearest knight with my hammer.

Ah, of course, for a Rank 5, it's a pretty tough bastardГўВҖВҰ

Kwaang, kwaang, kwaang, kwaang!

Several times, until I felt a solid impact.

Kwajik-.

Ignoring the other knights stabbing at me with their swords, I stubbornly beat down on just one of them, even using [Swing].

As a result, the creature lost its strength, slumped over, and turned into a halo of light.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Knight of the Moon.

EXP +5.ГЈВҖВҚ

Okay, now that I'm done farming experience...

ГўВҖВңBehel-Laaaaaaaaaa!!!ГўВҖВқ

I broke through the bastards who were diligently ganging up on me and ran.

It makes sense, right?

Just because mosquitoes are buzzing around, you don't have to catch every single one.

Especially when time is so tight.

Kuuung! Kuuung! Kuuung~!

Whether the knights, who had already aggroed onto me, gave chase and threw their swords, or teleported to block my path, I didn't look back and just stubbornly forged ahead on my path.

However, I didn't have to wander aimlessly like before.

ГЈВҖВҢThe intrigued Primeval Spirit guides you.ГЈВҖВҚ

After breaking the first shard, the Primeval Spirit guides the way every time I move.

Like a path that appears in a forest.

It created a clear path of its own accord, leading meГўВҖВҰ

Kuuung!

If I tried to take a different path by mistake, it would even erect a wall to block me.

As if to say, stop doing useless things and hurry to the place I showed you to break that bothersome rock.

'If you knew it was helpful, you should have at least removed the debuff.'

I thought it was a selfish bastard that only thought of itself, but there was no point in cursing it.

In the first place, it was because of this setup that I was able to clear this place at all.

Kuuung!

As I ran along the path, it wasn't long before the second target appeared.

'It's the moon again.'

Well, if I keep at it, the remaining two types will eventually show up among the ten.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Moon.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the earth grows minutely stronger.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Knights dwelling in the shard awaken.ГЈВҖВҚ

This time, there was no reason to farm experience, so I completely ignored them all and ran along the path again.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Kwaaaaaang-!

I repeated the same process.

Until I reached the target number.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Star.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Knight of the Star.

EXP +5.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Moon.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Star.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Sun.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Knight of the SunГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

With each shard I shattered with my hammer, the number of knights chasing me gradually grew, now numbering in the hundredsГўВҖВҰ

'This doesn't matter, so I'll pass.'

Honestly, I was confident I could endure being surrounded and beaten by them all day.

The problem was time.

ГЈВҖВҢForty minutes have passed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the status effect [Earth Nutrient] has been enhanced.ГЈВҖВҚ

The time when I could cover the damage with Natural Regeneration and potions had long passed.

Now, I could feel my life force slowly draining away through my sixth sense.

Now that it had passed the threshold, the speed at which my life force decreased would become exponentially faster.

Still, this was the last one, so I had to quickly break it andГўВҖВ”.

"Huh?"

ГўВҖВҳYou have got to be kidding me!ГўВҖВҷ

Kwaaaaaang-!

I barely managed to shift the trajectory of the hammer that was about to strike the rock, guiding it toward the ground instead.

I couldn't help but curse.

"Is this crazy bastard trying to kill me?"

Sun, Moon, StarГўВҖВҰ

This field didn't just have those three types of shards.

A Shard of the Earth also existed, and breaking it hid a trigger that would make the Primeval Spirit hostile toward me.

Of course, the color of the rock was different, so it was easy to distinguish with the naked eyeГўВҖВҰ

'ГўВҖВҰI almost broke it since it appeared on the path it was guiding me on.'

Why on earth did this bastard guide me here?

Just as I was about to get furious, I saw the guided path continuing on past the rock.

So, I followed it, and a red-colored rock appeared.

"Ha..."

Did it just guide me along the shortest straight line?

What would have happened if I had smashed that thing?

I felt drained for some reason, but I mustered my strength and shattered the final rock.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed a Shard of the Sun.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Knights dwelling in the shard awaken.ГЈВҖВҚ

Just like before, light burst from the broken rock, creating knights.

However, instead of immediately breaking through and running, I stood still and waited for a moment.

There was no reason to run away anymore.

Drrrrrrrrrrrrr!!

The ground trembled as if an earthquake had struck.

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the earth grows noticeably stronger.ГЈВҖВҚ

At the same time, not only the newly summoned knights but also the ones that had been chasing me stopped moving.

No, not stopped, but rather, caught?

Fwooooosh-!

The knights froze as if invisible chains had been fastened to them, dragging them down.

Soon, the greedy earth turned into a gooey swamp and swallowed the knights whole.

The time it took for the hundreds of knights to disappear without a trace was a mere few seconds.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Primeval Spirit is greatly pleased.ГЈВҖВҚ

"If you're so pleased, how about you give me what I'm owed?"

I don't know if it understood my words, but the feedback was immediate.

Ssssk.

Where the path had ended at the last rock I broke, a new path appeared, leading into the darkness.

And I know what lies at the end of that path.

The exit.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Primeval Spirit feels grateful to you.ГЈВҖВҚ

Hey, if you're so grateful, how about you remove this damned field effect?

Does it not care if I die on the way to the exit?

ГЈВҖВҢThe restriction on your field of vision within this area has been lifted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Natural Affinity has increased by +50.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Earth Resistance has increased by +50.ГЈВҖВҚ

Well, I am thankful for the stat bonuses.

It's also a relief that my surroundings have brightened up.

Kuuung! Kuuung! Kuuung!

There was no reason to delay, so I hurried and ran toward the guided path.

About five minutes passed.

Kuuung!

The path soon ended, revealing a cliff.

The situation reminded me of a ghost story about a GPS leading someone off a cliff, but surprisingly, that was indeed the exit.

"Okay, I've found the exit..."

I quickly calculated the time.

How much longer could I hold out from now?

If the map had been generated in a terrible way, I might not have even had this little bit of extra time, or I might have died before even reaching the exitГўВҖВҰ

'If I play it safe, ten minutes.'

At most, it would be around eleven to twelve minutes.

After ten minutes, the field effect would strengthen exponentially.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs do this.ГўВҖВқ

So much that my footprints dug deep into the greedy earth.

Kuuung!

I kicked off the ground powerfully and ran into the darkness.

After all that trouble, I have to grab what I can before I leave.

***

A hidden area that can only be entered by meeting special conditions or by being lucky.

I just call them Hidden Fields, but people refer to them as Gabrielius's Arrangement or simply a mystery of the Labyrinth.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңOh, Golden Sand.ГўВҖВқ

Naturally, a Hidden Field has far more rewards than an open, normal area.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has consumed Golden Sand.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEarth Resistance has permanently increased by +3.ГЈВҖВҚ

SplashГўВҖВ”!

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has immersed their body in a suspicious pond.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power has permanently increased by +10.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГўВҖВңPlease, be an elixir!ГўВҖВқ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has discovered a primeval mural.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMental Power has permanently increased by +10.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has opened a tumbleweed...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГўВҖВҰ
A land like a honey pot, where a Hidden Piece could be found almost once a minute.

Of course, this was a just reward.

From the moment my vision was restored, finding these Hidden Pieces on the flat map was an easy task.

I just had to run around and pick up whatever I saw.

Old games used to have something similar, didn't they?

After clearing a stage, items would be scattered all over the map, and for a short period of time, all you had to do was run around and collect them.

A fever time.

Kuuung! Kuuung! Kuuung~!

I had already collected six rewards using this fever time, but I was still running through the wasteland like a madman.

It wasn't because I was still hungry.

It was because I hadn't found the most important thing yet.

"Huuu..."

Since I came all this way, I really wanted to find it before leaving.

ГЈВҖВҢFifty-five minutes have passed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the status effect [Earth Nutrient] has been enhanced.ГЈВҖВҚ

Should I just give up now and head for the exit?

If I get any farther from the exit now, getting back might be really cutting it close...

...

'Or should I start heading back now and search one last time on the way?'

Even as I debated, I kept on running.

Kuuung! Kuuung!

Based on my experience, the thing I was looking for was always located some distance away from the exit.

So, even if I had to take a bit of a risk.

Kuuung!

I ventured even deeper, in the opposite direction of the exit.

Because that's the kind of game [Dungeon & Stone] is.

Without taking risks, there is nothing to be gained.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Kuuung!

I pushed off with all my strength.

Ten seconds, twenty seconds, thirty secondsГўВҖВҰ

But contrary to my will, as time passed, my impatience was bound to growГўВҖВҰ

Fifty seconds.

It was around the time the thought that I would die if I didn't give up and turn back now started to bloom.

"Hallelujah..."

Finally, it revealed itself.

A crater, hollowed out as if a meteorite had fallen.

And in its center lay a very small, gray stone.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has discovered a Primordial Element.ГЈВҖВҚ

I quickly approached and placed my hand on it.

Not to take it.

In the first place, this item was impossible to lift.

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the Earth Dragon imbues you. (23)ГЈВҖВҚ

Huu, I wonder how many years it took to get two stacks.

Still, once I finish the dragon hunt, I'll have a full stack...

ГЈВҖВҢThe blessing engraved on your soul reacts.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Dignity of a Dragon is permanently bestowed upon the character's soul.ГЈВҖВҚ

With this, in a barbarian's body, I have obtained the Dignity of a Dragon.

In other words, to put it simply.

ГўВҖВңBehella-aaaaaaaaa!!ГўВҖВқ

The (True) Barbarian Dragon Mode had become possible.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character can now use [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 831 ---

Chapter 831: Eternal Hall (3)

[Dragon Fear]

A signature skill inherent to any creature whose species is ГўВҖВҳDragon,ГўВҖВҷ a symbol of their kind.

In truth, this skill is impossible to obtain through normal means.

That is because dragons do not yield an Essence.

When successfully defeated, a dragon collapses, leaving its body behind and offering the most high-grade byproducts as a reward, no different from gold and treasures.

One might think that casting Distortion Magic could produce an Essence, but for some reason, it never works on them.

ГўВҖВңHeheheГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

But one way to obtain a skill of the dragons is through the Blessing of the Dragon.

No matter which type of blessing one chooses, the second stage grants the Dignity of a Dragon.

Well, it is a lesser version, but still.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ

An Active, not a Passive.

Even then, it has a cooldownГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢA penalty is applied differentially according to the gap in status with the target.ГЈВҖВҚ

The effect itself is also a considerably inferior version.

Based on my current level of 8, Rank 3 monsters, judged to be at level 7, would be paralyzed for five seconds.

Rank 4 monsters would be stiff for five seconds, and from Rank 5 onwards, they would be stiff for ten seconds and afflicted with the fear status effect...

No matter how large the level difference, I could not obtain an overpowered effect like ГўВҖВҳinstant deathГўВҖВҷ.

ButГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThat doesnГўВҖВҷt mean itГўВҖВҷs a bad skill.ГўВҖВҷ

Why else would explorers be so crazy about Numbers Items, elixirs, and magical tools?

Becoming stronger without using an Essence slot was valuable enough on its own.

ГўВҖВҳBesides, the real deal with the Blessing of the Dragon is the third stage.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, this was from a long-term perspectiveГўВҖВҰ In the very short term, looking only at the present, it was somewhat negative.

After all, the biggest hurdle still remained.

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the earth weakens noticeably.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Primeval Spirit becomes greatly enraged.ГЈВҖВҚ

The earth trembled, expressing its fury.

The feedback regarding its will was immediate.

Swoosh.

The path that had been newly laid toward the escape route, as if urging me to get out quickly no matter where I went, also vanished.

Of course, it didn't matter much.

Why do you think I went all the way to the escape route to check it in the first place?

It was a measure to ensure I could find my way back without a navigator.

ГЈВҖВҢThe restriction on the field of vision returns.ГЈВҖВҚ

Well, the return of the darkness of the labyrinth, reducing my visibility to three meters, was a bit annoying.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs Nature Affinity decreases by -50.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs Earth Resistance decreases by -50.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was even petty enough to take back what it had once given.

ГўВҖВҳStill, I got something bigger.ГўВҖВҷ

I decided to bury the disappointment I felt toward my stingy old friend in a corner of my heart and move on.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like I would ever see it again anyway.

Thud!

A Barbarian does not fear cutting ties.

***

A strange silence hung among the explorers, who were more than halfway buried in the murky swamp.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A hero to the kingdomГўВҖВҷs people and an idol to the explorers.

The warrior, also famous for being the leader of the Barbarian Tribe, had declared he would buy them time and fearlessly stepped directly into the maw of a Rank 1 monster.

About five seconds had passed since then.

At first, they wondered if it was some new method of suicide, but the moment he actually entered the pit, the whirlpool stopped.

ГўВҖВңW-will he come back?ГўВҖВқ

Someone broke the silence and spoke.

The Barbarian TankГўВҖВҷs first passenger, Maze Liner.

His murmur was a thought shared by all the survivors present.

ГўВҖВңH-he will! He surely will!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIsnГўВҖВҷt he the one who survived countless incidents to build his fame? It will be the same this time!ГўВҖВқ

Though their words were confident, their trembling voices and wavering eyes betrayed their shaking hearts.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs wait for now.ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe did say to wait for one minute, no matter what happenedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

And so, they decided to wait.

It was a decision that had nothing to do with nobility or loyalty.

It was because the spell was not yet complete.

There was nothing they could do right now but wait, anywayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңPhewГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

Just then, the sound of the mageГўВҖВҷs breath changed the situation.

ГўВҖВңThe spell! Is the spell complete?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt is, butГўВҖВҰ no, where is the Viscount?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe told us to wait for just one minute, then jumped right into the pit!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

The mage seemed not to understand, but he grasped one thing for certain.

ГўВҖВҳThese scumbags are having other ideas.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, the thought was not stated directly.

But sensing the ГўВҖВҳulterior motivesГўВҖВҷ leaking from their voices, gazes, and nuances, the mage firmly drew a line.

ГўВҖВңJust so you know, I have no intention of using the spell until Viscount Yandel comes out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWh-what do you mean by that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt was the Viscount himself who told us to leave first after one minute!ГўВҖВқ

To be precise, it was an order to wait no matter what happened for one minute, but the mage, unaware of this, stroked his chin.

ГўВҖВңHmm, is that soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt is! We have about thirty seconds left until the promised time!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHowever, my opinion remains unchanged. No matter how many more minutes it takes, if there is no danger, we will wait for the Viscount. ItГўВҖВҷs the least courtesy we can show to the Viscount who saved us. Don't you agree?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-well, that is true, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

At the mageГўВҖВҷs loyal declaration, the watching Priestess wore a surprised expression, but in truth, the mage hadnГўВҖВҷt said those words out of 100% loyalty and devotion.

ГўВҖВҳHow can I trust these scumbags?ГўВҖВҷ

No matter how he thought about it, he didn't think they could overcome this crisis on their own without Bjorn Yandel.

WasnГўВҖВҷt it that barbaric warrior who had gone to resolve the crisis this time as well?

To safely weather this massive storm called a Dimensional Collapse, they needed the umbrella that was Bjorn Yandel.

ГўВҖВҳHuhu, if word of this conversation reaches the Viscount, his assessment of me will surely rise.ГўВҖВҷ

Having finished his calculations, the mage stared at the center, maintaining the Multi-Teleportation magic so it could be cast at any moment.

And how much time had passed?

C-c-c-c-c-c-c-!

The ground began to tremble, and a whirlpool started to form again as the hole in the center widened.

It was a phenomenon that even an ordinary person, not an explorer, could tell something was happening.

ГўВҖВңCould it beГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Did the Viscount succeed in returning?

Just as that thought crossed the minds of all the survivors.

[GuoooooooooooooooooooohГўВ”ВҖ!!!]

From the deepest part of the pit.

A chilling howl, as if coming from the Abyss itself, froze the bodies of all the survivors.

A cry that belonged to no language system.

But everyone who heard it felt a single emotion within that hideous howl.

Rage.

An unprecedented monster, capable of tearing them all to shreds in an instant, was spewing its rage.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

[Guooooooooooh~!!!]

It was certain.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt tell me, right nowГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs coming for us!ГўВҖВқ

The sound was getting closer in real time.

Realizing this, the mage shouted urgently.

ГўВҖВңW-we have to get away! Everyone, hurry over here!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut you said we had to waitГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI said, ГўВҖВҳif thereГўВҖВҷs no danger,ГўВҖВҷ didnГўВҖВҷt I!ГўВҖВқ

All the survivors nodded at the mageГўВҖВҷs logical words.

ГўВҖВңY-yes, letГўВҖВҷs do that!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe time is up, anywayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Only the Priestess had an expression of disapproval, but perhaps overwhelmed by that terrifying roar, she did not dare to object.

Shwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!

But just as light poured from the mageГўВҖВҷs staff and the magic circle drawn in the air was about to emit a glow.

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

Something large shot out from the pit like a cannonballГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

Whooooooosh~!

A huge arm rose, following as if in pursuit.

And just as the open palm, as if to catch a fly, was about to crush them.

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast the Rank 4 Spatial Magic [Multi-Teleportation].ГЈВҖВҚ

The spell was complete.

***

The moment I opened my eyes, feeling the hard ground instead of the murky sludge, I saw faces looking down at me.

ГўВҖВңV-ViscountГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThankfully, you made it just in timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe were waiting for you to arriveГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Waiting my ass.

I clearly saw the magic circle activate before I even came out.

ГўВҖВңB-but, shouldnГўВҖВҷt we run away quickly?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ! The Primeval Spirit, or whatever it isГўВҖВҰ it looked incredibly enraged.ГўВҖВқ

As I pushed myself up, everyone spoke with urgent words of concern, but I paid them no mind.

After all, the Primeval Spirit was not a monster that moved.

Like some plant-type monsters, it acted as a guardian of a fixed location, preying on intruders.

So now that we were outside the range where [Earthen Body] applied, a minimum level of safety was secured, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou need to make a decision quicklyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңQuiet.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYes?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm thinking, so be quiet.ГўВҖВқ

The problem was what came next.

What should I do?

Two options immediately came to mind.

Just hunker down here and wait for the next collapse to proceed.

There was no risk for now, but there was also no return.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷm not really drawn to the first option.ГўВҖВҷ

First of all, the number of people was awkward.

Too many to move around and endure throughout the collapse like before, but it felt unstable to tackle the waves with a head-on approach.

Based on the process of elimination, I chose the second option.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, prepare to move.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷll keep moving and look for survivors.ГўВҖВқ

Was it because we weren't a close-knit group like my Anabada Clan?

Dissatisfaction was evident in the survivorsГўВҖВҷ eyes.

In an area where a Rank 1 monster appeared, and after experiencing what just happened, he wanted to search for people?

That was the sentiment I could see in their minds.

ГўВҖВңWГўВҖВҰ Viscount? I understand your intention, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

However, I was firmer than usual on this point.

It was for a rational reason, not an emotional one.

Isn't that right?

If you don't properly get a grip on any group from the start, unexpected things are bound to happen in an emergency.

ГўВҖВңI wonГўВҖВҷt take any objections. If you disagree, you may leave.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll take that as a no.ГўВҖВқ

Naturally, no one dared to object here.

I then followed up with a supplementary explanation for my rather forceful decision.

ГўВҖВңNow that we know where we are, we should be fine if we move carefully from now on. There wonГўВҖВҷt be much danger. From what I know, the Primeval Spirit doesn't move from a single area.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEven if a problem arises, I will solve it like before, so donГўВҖВҷt worry too much.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-we believe in you.ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

There is a limit to submission through force.

In the end, there would be less trouble if they themselves thought that following my instructions was the most rational choice.

ГўВҖВңBut where did you get such informationГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ? A Primeval Spirit. This is the first IГўВҖВҷve ever heard of its existence.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThere are many things you can learn when you become a noble.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

This was perhaps the biggest advantage of becoming a noble.

Ever since I received my title, I no longer had to go out of my way to explain things; this one excuse was enough to end it all.

After all, they weren't titled nobles themselves!

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ The nobles IГўВҖВҷve seen didnГўВҖВҷt seem to know any of thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Ah, of course, sometimes those who knew the aristocracy well would ask additional questions like thisГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

This was no problem either.

ГўВҖВңThey may be nobles, but they arenГўВҖВҷt explorers, are they? Of course they wouldnГўВҖВҷt be interested.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ! ThatГўВҖВҷs true too! I apologize. I asked a pointless question.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf your questions are answered, letГўВҖВҷs start moving.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңY-yes!ГўВҖВқ

After the conversation concluded, I led the survivors and resumed our journey.

ГўВҖВңI had heard much of your fame, but I never knew it was true. You are truly a noble person, ViscountГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

I felt the PriestessГўВҖВҷs gaze on me change subtly, but I decided to just pretend I didnГўВҖВҷt notice.

ГўВҖВңTo be so dedicated to saving even one more person in this situationГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

In the first place, the purpose of making the second decision was not ГўВҖВҳrescue,ГўВҖВҷ but to find survivors and build up our strength.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳEven that isnГўВҖВҷt the main goal.ГўВҖВҷ

To be honest, finding survivors was a sub-quest.

Because now, I knew where we had fallen.

Eternal Hall.

A hidden field on the 9th floor that even I had not yet visited through normal means.

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ the light of the moon watches over usГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

There were plenty of things that could be of help.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 832 ---

Chapter 832: Eternal Hall (4)

Eternal Hall.

The structure of this place is quite simple.

Flame, Earth, Water, and Wind.

There are a total of four types of fields, and in each field, primeval spirits of the corresponding attribute guard the paths like old masters.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳSomewhere on the map, thereГўВҖВҷs a Spirit Gate.ГўВҖВҷ

We ended up here by chance due to a dimensional collapse, but in truth, nothing would have changed even if that wasn't the case.

That's because you always fall into a random location when you enter through the Spirit Gate anyway.

The strategy for this map is to explore it and use the Spirit Gate to get back out.

ГўВҖВҳNo, actually, thereГўВҖВҷs not much of a strategy to speak of.ГўВҖВҷ

In a normal situation, you could just not leave and hold out until the Labyrinth closes.

Well, since the Spirit Gate itself is a reward, that usually doesnГўВҖВҷt happen.

"Follow me closely!"

After we began our search in earnest, we gradually picked up the pace.

At first, we walked at a brisk pace, and then, once we got a bit more used to it, we started running as if in a march.

Thud!

Now, we were running at a full sprint.

I summoned a great number of Light Orbs to widen our field of vision as much as possible.

"This path is blockedГўВҖВҰ!"

"We will detour to the right."

If an abnormality was spotted in the distance, we immediately changed direction and ran again.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"It's blocked againГўВҖВҰ!"

We repeated this over and over.

It was a method we could use because we were in the Eternal Hall.

Normally, widening the field of vision so drastically would attract the attention of monsters.

Usually, it's common practice to secure just enough visibility to avoid discomfort.

The situation earlier, when we were caught by the Earthen Body, happened because we had minimized our visibility, not knowing where we were.

"Hwarururuk! ГўВҖВҰLook over there! ItГўВҖВҷs fireГўВҖВҰ!"

As we continued our search for over three hours, a change finally occurred in our surroundings.

There was no need to secure our vision with Light Orb magic; a blazing red land was visible even from far away.

ГўВҖВҳIt finally appeared.ГўВҖВҷ

Hiding a satisfied smile, I led the group toward the fire zone.

We then moved along the boundary between the fire and earth fields.

A safe road of sorts.

Primeval spirits rarely appeared along this boundary, so I always moved along it whenever I came here.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Guide, do you feel anything?"

"Still nothingГўВҖВҰ My Luck Detection hasn't picked up anything since that stone from before either."

"I believe I told you not to do a half-hearted job and give a half-hearted answer."

"Th-that's not it, what am I supposed to do when it's the truth!"

"HmmГўВҖВҰ."

"But is there even a point to this? If there was a portal, I would have felt it long ago."

"When I tell you to do something, you do it. Is that so difficult?"

I periodically used the guide, who possessed the talent for guidance, to scan the area like a radar.

The Spirit Gate I was looking for was also considered a portal, so it could be detected by the talent for guidance.

Though, unlike the normal floors of the Labyrinth, there was the prerequisite of being within a certain radius.

ГўВҖВҳShould I go inside after all?ГўВҖВҷ

Not much time was left before the eight-hour stabilization period, which guaranteed safety, would be over.

Therefore, it was time to make a move.

"Follow me. We need to search inside there as well."

When I pointed to the fire zone, the survivors looked disgusted.

"Inside there, you sayГўВҖВҰ?"

"We can feel the heat even from this far awayГўВҖВҰ."

"Don't worry. It won't be that hot."

After I briefly explained the Orb of Fire, the group's opposition quickly subsided.

However, there was one thing they couldn't accept.

"But will there really be any survivors in thereГўВҖВҰ?"

ГўВҖВҳHmm, thatГўВҖВҷs trueГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

He had a point.

Thwack!

The guide, who had been hit on the back of the head, frowned and looked up at me.

"Hey, why did you suddenly hit me! Am I not right? There's no way anyone could be in a place like thatГўВҖВҰ."

"You, you seemed to be doing a half-assed job as a radar earlier, and now you're talking back?"

"There are no absolutes in the Labyrinth."

"No, even soГўВҖВҰ."

"What if there are survivors in there? What will you do then? Can you take responsibilityГўВҖВҰ?"

"Wh-what do you mean by responsibility? I just said one thing."

"Didn't you just say there would absolutely be no survivors?"

The guide, having lost the logical battle, bit his lip in frustration.

But it seemed his anger hadn't subsided.

"I'm grateful that you saved us, but I can't stand this kind of treatment! Besides, didn't you just pocket what I found with my Luck Detection earlier?"

Just as the guide, who had been showing signs of it, dared to try and rebuke me.

A brake was appropriately applied.

Not by me, but by the guide's companions.

"Anton!!"

Whoa, that startled me.

"That's enoughГўВҖВҰ."

"ButГўВҖВҰ."

"I said, that's enough!!"

The thunderous shout came from the hammer-wielding warrior, who was from the same clan.

At this, the guide seemed to regain some of his senses, releasing his anger with a breath and stepping back.

"I will apologize on his behalf, Viscount Yandel."

"I accept."

"Thank youГўВҖВҰ?"

"No need to thank me, aren't we both warriors?"

Of course, it is a man's duty to accept an apology from a warrior.

Besides, this guy was from the same Black Bear Tribe as Bear Uncle, so I felt a strange sense of affinity for him.

"HahahaГўВҖВҰ."

Leaving the awkwardly laughing hammer-wielding warrior behind, I headed towards the fire zone, and perhaps because of the incident with the guide, the entire group followed without a word of complaint.

Hwarururuk~!

The hot flames engulfed us, but with the effect of the Orb of Fire, combined with magic and divine spells, the damage was practically nonexistentГўВҖВҰ

"ГўВҖВҰ?"

Suddenly, the priestess muttered something and then shouted.

"The Viscount was right!"

"WhatГўВҖВҰ?"

I couldn't understand it at all.

"S-survivors!!"

Why would there be survivors here?

***

I had told the guide that there might be survivors, but to be honest, I hadn't been serious.

I just needed an excuse to enter the sea of fire.

Ah, and schooling the guide who was starting to get out of line was purely a bonus.

Yes, it should have been just thatГўВҖВҰ

"It-it's true! I can feel the presence of magic from that direction!"

After listening to the Special Mage's opinion and running in that direction, the priestess's claim of survivors was surprisingly proven to be true.

FwoooooooshГўВ”ВҖ!

A group of eight explorers, having raised a protective barrier with divine power, were walking through the flames, supporting the injured.

"To think there were actually survivorsГўВҖВҰ."

The guide, who had insisted that there couldn't be any survivors, stared at them with a dazed expression.

If I were to look in a mirror, I would probably have a similar expression.

The truly surprising thing didn't end with just 'there are survivors'.

As I checked the faces of the survivors, I saw familiar faces here and there.

"The Armin ExpeditionГўВҖВҰ?"

The very same clan I had journeyed with on the underground first floor.

It wasn't that I saw wrong from a distance.

I had met those guys several times in the city and had been interacting with them periodically.

ГўВҖВҳWhy are they hereГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

To meet such welcome faces here!

"Bahellaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

I couldn't help but shout the name of the ancestral spirit, and with that, the group over there also noticed our presence.

"Th-this powerful and vigorous roarГўВҖВҰ?"

"Over there! There are people over there!"

Since I was even using Giant Form, it wasn't difficult for them to recognize me from afar.

"Baron YandelГўВҖВҰ No, Viscount YandelГўВҖВҰ!!"

"Oh my godГўВҖВҰ!!"

The group over there seemed quite exhausted, so I quickly ran over, and my temporary companions who followed behind took care of the Armin Expedition, who were on the verge of dying.

"Stay still! We'll help you!"

The priestess and the male priest took the injured who were being supported and began to treat them.

"You've been using protective magic to the brink of running out of mana. Stop and rest now. We'll take it from here."

The mage from the Armin Expedition, who was on the verge of collapse, finally let go of his staff and fell.

That side will take care of itself without me telling themГўВҖВҰ

Thump.

I approached Armin, the leader of the expedition.

"V-Viscount."

He looked up at me, on the verge of collapsing.

"It's not aГўВҖВҰ a dream, is itГўВҖВҰ?"

It was clear that a lot had happened, and I could feel how incredibly difficult it had been for him.

Hah, to ask me to look after the injured first in this state.

Then againГўВҖВҰ this guy was the leader.

"It's not a dream, so don't worry."

"Th-thank goodnessГўВҖВҰ."

Armin coughed and sputtered, his voice not coming out due to his parched throat.

Long words were unnecessary.

"You've worked hard."

I, who understood the weight on his shoulders better than anyone, just quietly patted his shoulder.

And after about five minutes had passed.

Armin seemed to have regained some of his energy, and he finally asked me a question.

"ГўВҖВҰWhat on earth happened to you? I never imagined I would see you here."

"I'm in a similar situation as you."

"YourГўВҖВҰ your clan membersГўВҖВҰ?"

"Don't worry too much. We were just separated due to some circumstances. Those guys will overcome it just fine."

"I see."

Armin nodded, and I asked him in return.

"And you?"

"ГўВҖВҰWe are all that's left."

"I see."

No wonder I didn't see a few familiar faces.

A sigh escaped me at the bitter thought, but showing it to this guy wouldn't be right either.

I changed the subject.

"You guys were dropped here too?"

"YesГўВҖВҰ The flames engulfed us as soon as the stabilization period began. Everyone was exhausted, but we mustered our strength and kept walking."

"ГўВҖВҰFor six hours? It's a miracle you all survived until now."

Armin suddenly fell silent at my words.

I belatedly realized that I had misspoken.

ГўВҖВҰDammit.

So someone had died on the way here.

"We should have just held our ground in one spot. If we had, we would have lasted for at least eight hours."

"But at the time, we didn't know how much longer the stabilization period would last, so we judged that escaping this sea of flames was the priority."

"Of courseГўВҖВҰ it was a misjudgment. If we hadn't met you, Viscount, we would have all died hereГўВҖВҰ."

His long and pitiful words of self-blame.

I shook my head firmly.

"No, that's not true."

"ГўВҖВҰ?"

"In the first place, if you had gone just a little further, you would have been able to get out of the flames."

"I-is that soГўВҖВҰ?"

"And if you hadn't come this far, I wouldn't have been able to meet you either. Your judgment was absolutely not wrong. Do you understand?"

Did my words comfort him?

Or did they instead poke at his wounds?

I couldn't know the emotions hidden deep within him, but Armin lowered his head as if holding something back.

And after about ten minutes had passed.

By the time Armin and the other injured had been taken care of.

I cautiously brought it up.

"Alright, we'll start moving again."

"YesГўВҖВҰ? Again from here? There are still people who can't even stand properlyГўВҖВҰ."

"If someone can't stand, someone else can carry them."

"ButГўВҖВҰ."

"You never know. There might be more survivorsГўВҖВҰ."

I had a conscience, so this time I couldn't say it with confidence.

It was a miracle we met them, so there was no way there would be more.

I swear, there will be no more survivors.

But surprisingly, the reaction wasn't bad.

"IndeedГўВҖВҰ The Viscount is the same as everГўВҖВҰ!"

"Though it may be a small contribution, we will join you in your cause."

The Armin Clan, who had a deep friendship with me, was naturally favorable to whatever I said.

"Yes, maybe there are more!"

"The more people we have, the better our chances of survival!"

The existing temporary companions were also positive, perhaps because they had the example of the Armin Clan.

And was he influenced by that atmosphere?

"I'm sorry about before. I won't be careless and will try to spread my senses with more careГўВҖВҰ."

Even the guide who had shown resistance towards me obediently backed down and faithfully performed his role as a radar while we traversed the fire zone.

And did his efforts reach the heavens?

"There! I feel the energy of a portal from that direction!"

Finally, the target was captured on the radar.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 833 ---

Chapter 833: Eternal Hall (5)

Clink, clink.

I moved through the flames, rolling a moderately sized stone in my hand.

It was the stone the Guide had found for me earlier using his [Luck Detection] skillГўВҖВҰ Naturally, it wasn't an ordinary object.

Well, it wasn't anything too amazing either.

'It's a bit awkward to sell...

Yes, I'll just use it myself.

They say you shouldn't even give elixirs to your own family.'

Having made my decision, I used the strength of my index finger and thumb to crush the stone.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has destroyed the ГўВҖВҳEarth SoulstoneГўВҖВҷ.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEarth Resistance is permanently increased by +3.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power is permanently increased by +10.ГЈВҖВҚ

It wasn't an effect I could feel dramatically, but it was the kind of effect that would be a lifelong asset.

But perhaps because this was all I found despite using the [Luck Detection] skill, I honestly wasn't very satisfied.

The only saving grace was that even if other side gains were few, I had found the one most important thing.

...

Well, I'm not sure how this will turn out either.'

ГўВҖВңTh-That must be it!ГўВҖВқ

When the Guide, who had been running at the very front and leading us, stopped and pointed ahead, those following behind began to murmur.

It was only natural.

That which no Explorer could fail to recognize had appeared right before our eyes.

ГўВҖВңA portal...?ГўВҖВқ

A portal shimmered within the blazing flames.

Of course, it was different from the portals one normally saw.

A portal of dazzling colors, a mix of red, blue, green, and gray.

Whoooosh~!

It's the 'Spirit Gate'.

The only exit to escape the Eternal Hall, andГўВҖВҰ

'also a passageway.'

As I passed the Guide and approached the portal, the man behind me warned urgently.

ГўВҖВңBe careful! We don't know where that portal might leadГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

For me, who knew the details about that portal, it was a very amusing warning.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAh! Do you happen to know something?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRoughly.ГўВҖВқ

The portal shimmering before me now.

The 'Spirit Gate' is a door to anywhere.

Below the ninth floor.

A place you have visited at least once in person.

As long as these two conditions are met, this portal will transport a player to their desired location.

Rifts and Hidden Fields are, of course, possible as wellГўВҖВҰ

'It can even take you to a floor that has been sealed off.'

Of course, in that case, the Labyrinth closes based on the ninth floor's closing date, and there are even a few Hidden Pieces that can only be found by using thisГўВҖВҰ

But that's not what's important right now.

In the first place, it's meaningless to consider the closing date during a Dimensional Collapse.

ГўВҖВҳWhat would happen if I took it nowГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

All the information listed above applied in 'normal situations'.

In nearly ten years of playing [Dungeon & Stone], I had never once ridden it during a Dimensional Collapse.

'But to come all this way and not take it feels a bit wrong, doesn't it?ГўВҖВҷ

I soon made my decision.

ГўВҖВңAfter I enter the portal, when its color changes, all of you follow me in.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Yes?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDon't worry. It won't be that dangerous. That portal allows you to go anywhere within the Labyrinth.ГўВҖВқ

After I briefly explained about the Spirit Gate, the wary looks that regarded the unidentified portal greatly diminished.

But perhaps another question had arisen.

ГўВҖВңThen is there a need to take the portal? The collapse will just start again once the stabilization period is over anyway.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe stabilization period is a minimum of eight hours, not necessarily exactly eight hours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo you've judged that you can gain enough profit within that time.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRight. And in the first place, according to the ancient text I read, you can receive a blessing just by taking that portal.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA blessingГўВҖВҰ ah, you mean the baptism!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYeah, that.ГўВҖВқ

For reference, the Evil Spirits who came over from [Dungeon & Stone]... no, the players, simply called the baptism an 'achievement'ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThen we must take it!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDon't worry! We'll follow right behind you!ГўВҖВқ

The survivors' gazes changed 180 degrees.

It seemed the talk of an achievement was the deciding factor.

After all, it was safe to say that no Explorer disliked bonus stats.

Tsk, they're all crazy for elixirs.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, I'll take it that there are no objections thenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I slowly extended my foot into the portal.

ГўВҖВңWell then, see you in a bit.ГўВҖВқ

Now, where would be the best place to go?

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered the ГўВҖВҳSide PathГўВҖВҷ.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

Side Path.

To be honest, this map didn't have any particularly impressive features.

That's because in the game, a map simply unfolded when you passed through the Spirit Gate.

All you had to do was choose your desired location.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'So this is what it's like in realityГўВҖВҰ'

This wasn't the first time I'd experienced the gap between 2D dot-game graphics and reality.

The 'Room of Balance' I went to using a restrained wish in Larkaz's Maze was like that, as was my visit to the Temple to erase an Essence.

Many differences exist between the game and reality.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВҳSo thatГўВҖВҷs the mapГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

A pitch-black space reminiscent of outer space.

When I casually lifted my head, I could see a huge plate divided into floors far in the distance.

'The very top one must be the ninth floor...'

I get that, but how am I supposed to get there?

The moment I had that thought and lowered my head to check my body.

ГўВҖВҳWhatГўВҖВҷs this now?ГўВҖВҷ

A strange flag was grasped in my hand.

I think I have a rough idea of what this is for.

'Is it the type of thing where if I plant this, the destination gets locked there?ГўВҖВҷ

Anyway, that wasn't important.

Whoooosh~!

My whole body glowed blue as if it were a will-o'-wisp.

My hard-earned equipment was gone, and I was completely naked.

In that state, I was floating gently in the air like a spirit.

In fact, it was so natural that I didn't even feel the sensation of my body floating.

It was as if I had a new organ.

Even though I wasn't using my feet, I instinctively knew how to move.

'Whoa, that surprised me.'

The moment I thought, my body shot forward.

The speed was abnormally fast, but it didn't feel particularly fast.

It was as if I myself had become some existence that transcended the laws of physics.

ГўВҖВҳSo this is how you do it.ГўВҖВҷ

Having gotten a rough feel for it, I headed for the highest of the floors visible in the distance.

The entire landscape of the ninth floor's Grave of Stars, seen from afar as if looking down at the ground from thousands of meters in the air.

'...

That's a bit of an exaggeration.'

Only the outline of the map was visible; the entire ninth floor was covered in a dark fog.

That was only natural.

I had never been to the 'Grave of Stars' in the first place.

'I guess going outside the fortress walls doesn't countГўВҖВҰ'

Well, I had sort of expected this, so I wasn't too disappointed.

Still, a few areas revealed themselves as holes in the fog.

It seemed they were the areas I had passed through during the Dimensional CollapseГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳSo the special fields are separate, on the side.ГўВҖВҷ

The independent spaces of the ninth floor were floating gently like satellites, and one of them had a very large area not covered by fog.

It was the 'Eternal Hall' where I had just been.

Well, I did wander around a lot there since I arrived during the stabilization periodГўВҖВҰ

Whoooosh~!

My interest piqued, I quickly moved to that area.

I had felt it when looking down from above, but unlike reality, it was extremely gloomy.

It was like watching a black-and-white film.

The flames of the fire zone that had once blazed crimson were now distinguished by shades of gray, and time itself seemed to have stopped.

ГўВҖВҳAs expected, I can't enter the fog-covered areas.ГўВҖВҷ

I tried once, but as expected, it was impossible to cross the fog.

It felt like an invisible barrier was blocking me.

WhooooooshГўВҖВ”!

So I moved along the path that wasn't covered by fog.

It was a route I had explored for over six hours until my tongue was hanging out, but the time it took to pass through it all and reach the location of the 'Spirit Gate' was but a fleeting moment.

For reference, my companions were gathered in front of the portal, frozen like statuesГўВҖВҰ

What happens if I set this as my destination?

Can I ride the Spirit Gate an infinite number of times?

As I was indulging in such useless imaginings, I belatedly realized.

'No, wait a minute...

This is insane!'

This wasn't just simply showing me a map.

If it were, my companions shouldn't have been in front of that portal.

ГўВҖВҳThenГўВҖВҰ is this all liveГўВҖВҰ??ГўВҖВҷ

Goosebumps crawled all over me.

My spiritualized body couldn't actually get goosebumps, but that's how it felt.

And why wouldn't it?

ГўВҖВҳWith this, I can find them, can't I?ГўВҖВҷ

With this, it's possible.

To find my companions who were separated from me during the Dimensional Collapse.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰTo think the Spirit Gate had a feature like this.ГўВҖВҷ

Thinking about it again, it was unbelievable.

My top priority was my companions, so that's all I was thinking about, but the potential danger of this live function couldn't be described even by the word 'immense'.

And why wouldn't it be?

It wasn't because of trivial things like being able to secretly peek under a Priestess's skirt, or secretly witness raiders in the act and catch them, or finding out which clan was sucking up honey whereГўВҖВҰ

'If we were in the middle of a war, just coming here would let you know who was where at a glanceГўВҖВҰ'

If one had ill intentions, it would even be possible to find and assassinate someone.

Take the Dragon Slayer, for example.

If that bastard had the chance to take this, he would have found me long ago and popped up right in front of me.

Whoooosh~!

Having discovered the immense potential of the Spirit Gate, I quickly headed for the eighth floor.

I planned to scan everything from the top down.

'This place is small.'

The eighth floor's Land of Dawn was extremely small compared to the vast ninth floor.

No, it was beyond small; the satellites existing at the same altitude as the eighth floorГўВҖВҰ to be precise, the Hidden Fields, were far larger.

'The eighth floor has a lot of Rifts, so there are many of them.'

The Rifts on the eighth floor were all shrouded in fog, so there was nothing to see.

The only thing that was somewhat impressive was the group of dozens of explorers gathered in the grassy field that could be considered the entrance to the Land of Dawn.

They were split into three groups, keeping some distance from each other.

It seemed their stabilization periods had coincidentally overlapped, and they were spending time together.

'I don't see any familiar facesГўВҖВҰ Pass.'

To be honest, I had been an Explorer for quite some time, so I did occasionally see people I was acquainted with.

But I couldn't just plant the flag for their sakes.

If it were someone I was as close to as the Bear Uncle, I would have seriously considered it, but none of them were like that.

'So this is how it is here.'

The seventh floor was divided into two chunks.

The Dark Continent and Ice Rock.

The two floors were separated like islands with a slight gap, and since I had wandered all over the place here, the opened area was much larger than on the upper floors.

Well, still, more than a third of it was covered in fog.

Labyrinth exploration inherently requires moving along efficient routes, so it couldn't be helped.

ГўВҖВҳThe continent is large, so there are many people tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

There were quite a few Explorers experiencing a stabilization period on the seventh floor.

As I flew, looking down from above, I would spot a group every few minutes.

'...

They probably don't even know there are other survivors so close by.'

It felt as if I had become an omnipotent god.

Of course, it was just a feeling.

It was impossible to give a heads-up to the group of survivors camping nearby, or to let them know that a monster was targeting them from the darkness.

I hadn't actually become a god.

'Next.'

After a quick scan of the seventh floor, I headed down to the sixth floor.

Because one travels by ship in the Great Sea, most of the area was covered in fog, butГўВҖВҰ

'...

This place is surprisingly fine.'

There were no tidal wave-like high waves.

No, if anything, the sea looked much calmer than usual.

So I headed to the place where the Lord of Tears is summoned, but for some reason, there was nothing there.

Even though I was sure I had come to the right place.

'Did that bastard get caught up in the collapse too?'

For now, that was the most likely hypothesis.

The seventh floor I had just looked at was already teeming with monsters from other floors.

'Then... that means that bastard is somewhere on another floorГўВҖВҰ'

For some reason, I felt a shiver run down my spine again.

The Dimensional Collapse alone was a headache, but now I had to worry about that monster too.

'...

Well, I haven't run into it yet.'

Reminding myself of my purpose, I quickly continued my search of the sixth floor.

My separated companions might be spending their stabilization period on one of these islands, so I searched meticulously.

'Oh.......ГўВҖВқ

As I was searching each island at the speed of light, I found a familiar face for the first time.

'...

This is absurd.'

It was Lee Baekho's party.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 834 ---

Chapter 834: Grudge (1)

Rudria Island.

It wasn't quite 'Grand Rock,' the name for the easternmost region of the Great Sea, but it was a tropical island located somewhere on the outskirts.

Beyond the sandy beach, under a palm tree, a group of nine explorers was gathered.

They looked far too peaceful.

'Rek Aures.'

The hulking human man, the very image of a Tank, must have gone for a swim, as he was wringing out his wet shirt.

'Velveb Ruinzenes.'

The old man of twilight was using a fallen tree as a chair, sitting on it and reading a book.

'Jaina Flyer.'

The Priestess in black robes, as if wanting to avoid mingling with them, was leaning against a tree a short distance away with her eyes closed.

'Lee Baekho.'

That blond bastard with the rude-looking features was sitting in front of a campfire.

No, he wasn't just sitting there.

He was smiling about something and blabbering on.

'Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҰ!'

There were five other people in their group whom I had never seen before, but unfortunately, I didn't have the luxury to pay attention to each of them.

BeeeeeeeepГўВҖВ”!

This sudden reunion paralyzed my reason, and a strange ringing filled my ears.

My spiritual hand seemed to tremble.

I calmly closed and opened my eyes.

But just like the day I first opened my eyes in this world, nothing changed.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰLee Baekho.ГўВҖВҷ

ItГўВҖВҷs Lee Baekho.

The one who killed James Carla and Bersil Gourland.

The one who, on the day I founded the Anabada Clan, crushed my resolve, which I had ignited with the promise to never feel that damn feeling again, with a smiling face.

ГўВҖВҳRight, so this bastard entered the Labyrinth too.ГўВҖВҷ

He had completely disappeared since that day, making me wonder where he had vanished.

Just as I suspected, he was scurrying around in the shadows, looking for something to scavenge.

Like a cockroach.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

A wave of revulsion washed over me.

If I had my way, I would plant this flag right here and now, then jump through the Portal.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI can't.ГўВҖВҷ

I desperately suppressed the urge.

It wasn't just because of the realistic reason that fighting that party with my current members gave me a low chance of victory.

'Oh shГўВҖВҰ'

ГўВҖВҳI canГўВҖВҷt.ГўВҖВҷ

This flag is the only item that will allow me to meet my comrades who fell during the Dimensional Collapse again.

But to use it just to land a blow on that bastard?

What if, because of that, my comrades, whom I could have saved, were swept away in the collapse and died?

I would surely come to despise myself.

To be consumed by hatred and miss the opportunity to save them when I had the chance.

ГўВҖВҳHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Letting out a silent sigh, I barely managed to tear my gaze away from Lee Baekho.

If I looked at that face for even a second longer, I felt my resolve would waver.

So I shifted my gaze to the surroundings.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰFive people.ГўВҖВҷ

Lee Baekho's party had grown by five people while I hadn't seen them.

Just knowing who they were would be a great help in the future.

I carefully examined the faces of the new party members.

First, the little kid with an innocent face, grilling something over the campfire.

'He can't be a minor.

Is it some kind of magic?'

An unidentified person wearing a mask.

'He's about 170cm tallГўВҖВҰ I can't even tell if it's a man or a woman from the figure.'

A swordsman standing before the campfire, listening intently to Lee Baekho's words.

It's a new face, but judging by his frown, it doesn't seem like he's hearing anything pleasant.

Come to think of it, this was only natural.

There was no way that super psycho-sociopath, completely lacking in social skills, would say something pleasing to others' ears.

Anyway, next isГўВҖВҰ?

An elf with skin so dark it was clearly black even in monochrome.

Could it be a Dark ElfГўВҖВҰ so, a Drow?

But I heard they went extinct hundreds of years ago.

'It's not like he just got a tan, rightГўВҖВҰ?'

Doubts arose, but since this wasn't something I could figure out right now, I passed and moved my gaze to the side.

ГўВҖВҳFinally, someone I know.ГўВҖВҷ

A Dwarf with hand-axes hanging from his waist like a bunch of keys.

His nickname wasГўВҖВҰ

'What was it again?'

Anyway, he was a promising talent of the golden generation, but for some reason, he butchered the previous DumokaГўВҖВҰ I mean, the previous Dwarf Tribe Chief, and fled to join Orculis.

A criminal.

His public reputation was much higher than the corpse collectorГўВҖВҷs, but I've never actually seen him fight, so I can't be sureГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHe must be the last one.ГўВҖВҷ

The ninth member of Lee Baekho's party was a Beastkin, lying spread-eagled on the beach, away from the others.

It was a far cry from romantically becoming one with nature and gazing up at the stars.

Because there were liquor bottles rolling around him.

ГўВҖВҳDrinking in the LabyrinthГўВҖВҰ Is he a bit crazy in the head? I guess thatГўВҖВҷs why he hangs out with a bastard like Lee Baekho, right?ГўВҖВҷ

Anyway, the important thing is that I have no idea who this guy is either.

'In the end, I only clearly recognized one personГўВҖВҰ'

At this point, it was so absurd I was flabbergasted.

I hate to admit it, but to be hanging out with Lee Baekho, they must have some level of skill.

But it's this difficult to even recognize them?

'Where the hell does that bastard Lee Baekho find these people? Is there some kind of dark part-time job site?'

It was a question that made me very curious, but for now, I did my best to observe the new members and memorize them.

Perhaps it was my lack of worldly knowledge that prevented me from recognizing them at a glance.

I should remember their appearances and ask my comrades later, or find information on my own.

ГўВҖВҳWell then, the scouting is doneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As I looked over Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҷs party one more time to see if I missed anything, Lee Baekho, at the center of it all, caught my eye again.

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

Of course, I couldn't stay like this forever.

Since I had gained the achievement of seeing that Lee Baekho had increased his party members, it was wise to be satisfied with that and focus on my original goal.

However, even knowing that, my feet wouldn't move easily.

'Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҰ'

A being who proved that the saying "you should be more careful of your countrymen when you're abroad" was not wrong at all.

Any affection I had for him was long gone, and now, just looking at his face made an unbearable hatred well up inside me.

But it wasn't just because of hatred that my feet wouldn't move.

'ГўВҖВҰWhy did this bastard come to the Labyrinth?'

To defeat monsters with new comrades, level up, and grow by obtaining treasures and Essences?

I wonder.

'He's definitely plotting something elseГўВҖВҰ'

What could it possibly be?

What kind of wicked scheme is hidden beneath that smiling face?

It was then, as I held onto that question and mulled it over.

'Could it be, even the Lord of TearsГўВҖВҰ?'

My thoughts suddenly reached the 'Lord of Tears'.

There was no evidence, but it wasn't a suspicion I could easily dismiss either.

Isn't it obvious?

Throughout this run in the Labyrinth, could there be anyone more suspicious than these bastards?

Besides, Lee Baekho is a person who wouldn't bat an eye even if he sacrificed thousands or tens of thousands for his own benefit.

'No, he might even be connected to the Dimensional Collapse itself.'

Some might call it a groundless leap, but I didn't think so at all.

Because that son of a bitch Lee Baekho is the root of all evil, the most harmful being in this world.

Even the Witch of the Earth would probably be more beneficial to the world than him.

Probably.

'Damn itГўВҖВҰ'

Honestly, I don't know.

What this bastard Lee Baekho is thinking.

However, there was something I always wanted to tell him if I ever met him.

Well, it's not like my voice will reach his ears now.

'Lee Baekho.'

I know.

Why this bastard failed to open the Gate of the Abyss even after slaving away for over several decades.

This bastard always looks for the easy way out.

He looks for the cause externally and tries to find the solution externally as well.

He never thinks of changing himself.

But I'm different.

'Dimensional Collapse?'

I'll survive this time too.

And I'll become so strong that I won't need to borrow anyone's hand.

And when that time comes,

Just as I did with that Dragon Slayer bastard.

'I'll make sure to pay you a visit too.'

Hoo, I should have said this to him before he could run away at the end.

But well, I feel a little better, so I guess that's enough?

Now then, itГўВҖВҷs about time.

' '

Just as I was about to turn my attention away from Lee Baekho and leave.

'Hm?'

Suddenly, the old man of ruin came into view.

The old man was reading a book again.

Come to think of it, he was like that when we were exploring outside the Fortress Walls before.

Whenever we set up camp or took a short break, he would often read a book in a corner like that.

Back then, I just thought he was reading something like a magic book, so I wasn't very interested.

'What on earth is he readingГўВҖВҰ?'

Suddenly curious, I used my spirit form to go behind the old man of ruin and peek at the book.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[The jade-like fur of the White Rabbit Tribe warrior, Rena, glistened with sweat.

As I approached, stroking her small, cute tail, the White Rabbit Tribe warrior, Rena, was startled, her pure white ears perking upГўВҖВҰ.]

I was so shocked I was at a loss for words.

'Ah, uh, I meanГўВҖВҰ umГўВҖВҰ?'

I really don't know how to describe this.

But one thing was certain.

'I'm really losing whatever affection I had left.'

My disgust and hatred for Lee Baekho's party deepened even further.

***

I had lost quite a bit of time after discovering Lee Baekho's party, but perhaps because I had been running around tirelessly without rest since then?

It didn't take that long to search the entire Sixth Floor's Great Sea.

ГўВҖВҰAlthough there were no particular gains.

'The Sixth Floor is a bust tooГўВҖВҰ?'

I had searched every nook and cranny, even the underground islands beneath the sea, but I couldn't find a single strand of my comrades' hair.

This is worse than a separated family.

Where is everyone?

HwoooongГўВҖВ”!

As the search area narrowed, my anxiety grew.

It's not that I was thinking of the worst-case scenario.

Of course, I can't completely rule out that possibility.

But realistically, that possibility is extremely low.

Isn't it obvious? It's not because they're my kids, but my Anabada Clan is objectively very skilled.

There's no way they'd be annihilated in just one day just because I was gone.

The problem isГўВҖВҰ

'Please, they have to be somewhere I can seeГўВҖВҰ'

If my comrades are spending their stabilization period in a fog-covered area I've never been to, then there's nothing I can do.

'The Fifth Floor is a bust tooГўВҖВҰ?'

My anxiety deepening, I pushed myself even harder and searched meticulously.

However, I couldn't find any trace of my comrades in the Great Demon Realm either.

No, to be precise, it was hard to find any people at all.

The reason was very straightforward.

'The Lord of Tears.'

I was wondering where he had gone since I didn't see him on the Sixth Floor.

The guy had fallen to the damn Fifth Floor and was wandering around.

For reference, perhaps because he was forcibly separated from the island he was hugging, he had immediately moved on to Phase 4 and had even thrown off his blindfoldГўВҖВҰ

'This place is truly hell itselfГўВҖВҰ'

Piles of explorers' skeletons were stacked like mountains around the guy who was looking up at the sky as if screaming.

They had all melted from his acid skill.

'Huh?'

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

What was that? Why did it feel like we made eye contact?

It couldn't have actually happened, but an eerie feeling crept over me, and it was the moment I distanced myself a little from him.

Kwa-jijijikГўВҖВ”!

With a sound like something shattering, the guy reached his hand toward me.

Startled, I quickly moved further up, increasing the distance.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

That was all.

The guy was once again buried in the black-and-white world, frozen in the same posture as before.

'Geez, that startled meГўВҖВҰ'

Instead of trying to find out why he could move, I quickly distanced myself from him.

He might move again, you know?

I'd rather not get involved in unnecessary trouble.

So, after a quick check of the remaining areas on the Fifth Floor, I headed straight for the Fourth Floor.

The Fourth Floor didn't take long either.

Thanks to getting the hang of moving in my spirit form, I finished the search at literally the speed of light.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳFinally.ГўВҖВҷ

I finally found what I was looking for.

It wasn't inside the Tower of the Sky, the main field, but a Hidden Field belonging to the Fourth Floor.

No, to be preciseГўВҖВҰ

Larkaz's Maze.

A place with which I had a long-standing connection.

My comrade was in that place.

'AinarГўВҖВҰ!'

Surrounded by a dozen rough-looking explorers.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 835 ---

Chapter 835: Grudge (2)

Why is she here?

And all by herself?

What about the others?

Don't tell me she was separated from the rest during the collapse?

Countless questions bloomed in my mind, but in times like these, it was right to set my priorities straight.

I could just ask her for the story after I saved her.

First, I examined Ainar.

Even at a glance, AinarГўВҖВҷs condition was not good.

Her equipment was torn by sharp weapons, and blood flowed from the gaps.

I couldn't see any injuries that looked immediately fatal, but I couldn't be certain yet.

[Dungeon & Stone] had far too many types of injuries that couldn't be seen with the naked eye.

It also looked like her stamina was almost at its limit.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

My heart pounded heavily.

Just like when I saw Lee Baekho, it beat wildly, powered by my surging emotions.

Thump!

An unbearable fury rose within me.

It would have been better if a monster had done this to her.

But the culprits were people?

And in a disaster like a dimensional collapse, where they should be working together?

ГўВҖВҳWhat is with these bastards?ГўВҖВҷ

Even amidst my burning anger, a question arose.

Only then did I take a closer look at the group of explorers surrounding Ainar.

I noticed they all wore the same clan insignia.

ГўВҖВҳJagged Tooth.ГўВҖВҷ

A clan with a bad history with me in many ways.

For one, James Carla, who had been a member of our Anabada Clan, was a former vice-captain of that clan, and we also had a conflict over a kill steal when we took down the Lord of Chaos Riakis.

ГўВҖВҳDon't tell me it's because of thatГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

At first, it seemed ridiculous, but when I thought about it, it wasn't an unreasonable motive.

Even if he was a member they sent with the Ice Rock expedition to be used as a disposable pawn, that member went to another clan.

But then that clan stole the fruits of a raid they had worked so hard on and gobbled it all up.

That was enough of a grudge to kill a person.

At least, in this heartless society of explorers.

I gripped the flag tighter.

The place to plant the flag was already as good as decided, but I resisted the urge to plant it right away.

And why not?

Whether I planted the flag sooner or later, it would have no effect on saving Ainar.

But what if I took my time and planted it a little later?

ГўВҖВҳI can explore every floor of the Labyrinth in the remaining time and gather more information.ГўВҖВҷ

Just as I had found Lee Baekho on the island on the sixth floor.

I might find other suspicious people, and if I was lucky, I could even check on the status of my other companions whom I hadn't found yet.

Of course, if I found other companions and they were also in a dire situation, forcing me to choose between them and Ainar, it would be a headache.

ГўВҖВҳStill, I have to check.ГўВҖВҷ

This was related to my creed.

It was better to know than not to know.

That way, at least I would be given a chance to choose.

WhooooshГўВҖВ”!

With that in mind, I left Larkaz's Maze where Ainar was and descended to the third floor.

The Path of the Pilgrim.

As it was a field filled with many memories and incidents, there were almost no areas obscured by fog, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThey're not here.ГўВҖВҷ

I couldn't find any of my other companions.

The only noteworthy thing was witnessing two groups who must have gotten into a fight, drawing their weapons for a bloody battle.

ГўВҖВҰSlashing at each other even in this situation.ГўВҖВҷ

Was it a robbery born from greed?

A misunderstanding? Or a simple squabble?

I couldn't guess what their story was, but it was none of my business.

I was busy enough taking care of myself.

WhooooshГўВҖВ”!

The second floor, which I descended to next, was similar to the third.

The Rock Desert, the Beast Den, the Goblin Forest, the Land of the Dead.

The second floor was divided into these four zones, but since I had wandered all over the place in my newbie days, there were no areas obscured by fog.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңA bust here too, huhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The companions I was looking for were not there, and it was no different in the first floorГўВҖВҷs Crystal Cave.

So, this was truly the last place.

WhooooshГўВҖВ”!

I descended once more, even from the first floor.

Surprisingly, the first floor wasn't the last level I could reach through the 'Spirit Gate'.

ГўВҖВҳUnderground First Floor.ГўВҖВҷ

I never thought I would be able to go here.

Then again, the restriction was for the ninth floor and below, so it wasn't against the rules, was it?

ГўВҖВҳThe reason the Underground First Floor didn't appear in the game must be because I've never been there beforeГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

As I entered the sky above the Underground First Floor, a vast, silver sea filled my vision.

From the starting Rock Island, to the Human Island where the Village Chief was, the Library Island where I met Hamsik, and the Island of Gates where the one-person Rift content wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt was much wider than I thoughtГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As I looked around, I truly realized how vast the Underground First Floor was.

I thought I had scoured every corner of this silver sea to find a way to escape.

To think there were so many areas covered in fog.

ГўВҖВҳI wonder what else is in the hidden areasГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Except for the fact that escape was impossible, there was truly no other floor that was such a treasure trove.

WhooooshГўВҖВ”!

Putting my questions aside, I quickly continued my search of the Underground First Floor, but I found nothing of note.

There were no explorers to be seen in the first place.

According to the Village Chief, some people were supposed to fall here by chance during a dimensional collapse.

ГўВҖВҳIs the probability extremely low, or do you have to meet certain conditions to come here? Or is it simply because the dimensional collapse is still in progress?ГўВҖВҷ

I couldn't know for now.

It wasn't important either.

ГўВҖВҰStill, itГўВҖВҷs nice to see a familiar face after so long.ГўВҖВҷ

The only gain from this place was being able to secretly watch Hamsik taking a nap when I went to the Library Island.

My other companions were not found on the Underground First Floor either.

ГўВҖВҰIs it a relief that they're not here?ГўВҖВҷ

It was a shame I couldn't confirm their safety myself, but I decided to think positively.

They were probably just fine, spending their stabilization period in a fog-covered area where I couldn't find them.

ГўВҖВҳBut if I plant the flag here, can I cross overГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

A question suddenly occurred to me.

When I left the Underground First Floor before, I had made an 'Oath' with the man called the Director, and he had told me that I would never be able to enter this place again.

So I didn't even try to test it.

I was certain that the same method wouldn't work anyway.

Well, I thought I should check it out later, butГўВҖВҰ

A series of major incidents had broken out as soon as I returned to the city, so I never had the chance.

ГўВҖВҳIf I can enter through this route, it would be a real jackpot.ГўВҖВҷ

As I said earlier, the Underground First Floor was a floor full of treasures.

It seemed I would have to plan a proper expedition for this part when I get the chance someday.

If I could explore it properly, I and all my companions would be able to power up several levels in an instant.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, with this, the search is all doneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I moved my spirit body and headed for the fourth floor.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHow dare these bastards threaten a Barbarian?ГўВҖВҷ

Larkaz's Maze.

The very place where I had experienced losing a companion for the first time.

ГўВҖВңYou're all dead.ГўВҖВқ

Without hesitation, I plunged the flag down.

***

ГЈВҖВҢA destination has been set.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character will be expelled from the 'Side Path'.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

The moment I thrust the flag into the ground.

A strong, compelling force was applied to my body, which had seemed to defy the laws of physics.

Shwaaaaaaah!

It felt like being a piece of dust sucked into a vacuum cleaner.

When I came to my senses, I saw a total of ten flights of stairs in the distance.

AndГўВҖВҰ

A flash of light that felt like what it must have been when the universe was first born.

That was my last memory from the ГўВҖВҳSide PathГўВҖВҷ.

WhooooooooshГўВҖВ”!

Along with that strange sensation I felt every time I took a portal.

My body was flung forward as if spat out by some giant cosmic entityГўВҖВ”.

CraaaashГўВҖВ”!

Ah, damn it, I fell.

This is something a rookie explorer on his first portal trip would do.

ГўВҖВҳWas my bodyГўВҖВҰ always this heavy?ГўВҖВҷ

If I had to pinpoint a cause, it would be my senses.

Perhaps because I had been moving around in a spirit state, transcending the laws of physics, the sensation of moving my two feet felt a little unfamiliar.

ГўВҖВҳAh, it probably is a bit heavier than usual.ГўВҖВҷ

The field effect here was just that nasty.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered Larkaz's Maze.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Guardian of Balance is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe entrant's stats are adjusted to be equal.ГЈВҖВҚ

Here in Larkaz's Maze, which was under the blessing of Markus, everyone's stats were redistributed equally.

It was thanks to this that we, in our fledgling days, were able to go head-to-head with the infamous criminals of Orculis.

Well, this time, it seemed that Ainar was about to get taken down by these bastards because of it.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A strange silence that was hard to describe.

Amidst it, I slowly picked up my ridiculously fallen body.

ГўВҖВңWh-who are youГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWh-what! Why did a portal suddenly appear in midairГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

It seemed they hadn't recognized me yet.

They were simply flustered that a portal had suddenly opened and a person had popped out.

Unlike Ainar, who was looking straight at me.

ГўВҖВңB-BjornГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Ainar's eyes widened as if she couldn't believe my sudden appearance in this desperate situation.

But soon, a light of resignation filled those eyes.

ГўВҖВңI see. A hallucinationГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause I was thinkingГўВҖВҰ that I wanted to see you one last timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Hah, what was she talking about.

It seemed Ainar's condition was more serious than it appeared.

ГўВҖВңI don't know what happened, but you did well. Leave the rest to me.ГўВҖВқ

I patted Ainar's head and stood up straight.

But had those sly bastards already overheard our conversation?

ГўВҖВңB-Bjorn, he definitely said Bjorn, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo wayГўВҖВҰ! She must have misheard! How could that man come here!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңButГўВҖВҰ now that I hear it, his back looks just likeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Recognizing me at last, the murmuring behind me grew louder.

Since a surprise was already out of the question, I coolly turned around to face them.

ГўВҖВңDamn it! It's really Yandel!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHow did that crazy bastard get hereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The moment they confirmed my face, they stumbled backward as if they had seen a ghost.

However, not all of them reacted that way.

ГўВҖВңHahahaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A red-haired, middle-aged man burst out laughing as he looked at me.

Seeing the vice-captain I had seen during the Riakis battle standing guard next to him like an aide, he must be the captain.

ГўВҖВңDon't be afraid! This is actually for the better!ГўВҖВқ

He reprimanded his clan members in a gruff voice.

There was no need for a long speech.

ГўВҖВңRealize where you are!ГўВҖВқ

At that short reprimand, the clan membersГўВҖВҷ agitation visibly subsided.

ГўВҖВңRight, if it's hereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCheck your condition. I feel more powerful than before.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat Barbarian bitch can't even move, so he's basically alone!ГўВҖВқ

Having grasped the situation, the clan members no longer backed away.

Well, it wasn't a bad judgment.

Larkaz's Maze was a field where numbers were king.

Even we, in our newbie days, were able to fight on equal footing with a Dragon Slayer thanks to this field effect.

Therefore, I coolly admitted it.

ГўВҖВңIt certainly will be tough alone.ГўВҖВқ

In this state, I couldn't guarantee victory against them by myself.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңLook! Yandel, even he is afraidГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut I didn't say a word?ГўВҖВқ

I took a step forward, cutting off the man who had become full of himself.

I hadn't planned it, but the timing was perfect.

ГўВҖВңThat I was alone.ГўВҖВқ

The moment I finished the sentence.

WhooooooooooooooshГўВҖВ”!

My companions (temporary) poured out from the portal.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 836 ---

Chapter 836: Grudge (3)

Whoooosh~!

Explorers poured out from the shimmering portal.

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰ! It hurtsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The four passengers in Barbarian Tank Mode I encountered not long after being stranded.

ГўВҖВңOhh! Just as the Viscount said, my Soul Power has increased...!ГўВҖВқ

The six survivors I met while being dragged by the Earthen Body.

ГўВҖВң... Viscount? Who in the world are they...!ГўВҖВқ

And on top of that, the eight members of Armin's expedition.

ГўВҖВңJudging by the emblem, they're the Jagged Tooth Clan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMore importantly, they're pointing their swords at us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Are they enemies?ГўВҖВқ

Watching the explorers instantly come through the portal and form ranks, the once-domineering eyes of the Jagged Tooth Clan members filled with bewilderment and fear.

It was, of course, a natural reaction.

How had they appeared here?

Aside from that question, the current situation was all too clear to them.

ГўВҖВңWe're fucked, aren't we...?ГўВҖВқ

The moment some nameless member's mumble echoed in everyone's ears.

ГўВҖВң... C-Captain?ГўВҖВқ

The damn Vice-Captain called out to the Captain as if seeking an answer.

In my eyes, it was a meaningless act.

Eighteen elite explorers who came through the portal, me, and Ainar, though injured, for a total of twenty.

The moment their only advantage, numerical superiority, was reversed, their fate was sealed.

"Calm down!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰ?

ГўВҖВңWhat is this unsightly behavior!ГўВҖВқ

Surprisingly, instead of being seized by fear and immediately running away, the man shouted at his clan members.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

Thud, thud.

He left his quieted clan members behind and, contrary to expectations, strode toward me.

It was a sight I couldn't believe even as I was seeing it with my own two eyes.

ГўВҖВҳWhat is this?ГўВҖВҷ

A new suicide method?

Or, is this bastard actually ridiculously strong?

Indeed, if that wasn't the case, this situation made no sense at all...

Thud.

The man stopped at a certain distance from us and stared at me intently.

The current situation was clearly in our favor.

He had even entered a range where I could hit him with my hammer if I used Giant Form.

His relaxed demeanor seemed to personally tell me that all of that was just my delusion.

In the silence that conveyed a strange pressure, the man finally opened his mouth.

With a gruff voice like scraping metal.

ГўВҖВңViscount Yandel, are you aware of where this place is?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, I know.ГўВҖВқ

His voice was so confident it couldn't be rationally explained, so I found myself stuttering without realizing it.

"Hmph, then this will be quick. Lower your weapons.ГўВҖВқ

Could it be? Is there a Hidden Piece in Larkaz's Maze that I don't know about? Is he so confident because he knows of it?

ГўВҖВңI won't say it's a misunderstanding. However, wouldn't it be better for both of us to stop here? No one has shed blood yet.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

It took a moment for my left and right brain to process the current situation.

But did my reaction give him strength?

He tirelessly continued his forceful speech.

ГўВҖВңThe moment we clash weapons. That moment will be when we truly see blood! Does the Viscount truly wish for that!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe are currently experiencing the unknown disaster of a Dimensional Collapse! If we fight amongst ourselves, it will only lead to the worst possible outcome of mutual annihilation!ГўВҖВқ

"Hah, shit..."

I can't believe it was this spiel.

He spoke with such vigor I thought there was something more to it.

ГўВҖВңSo let us set aside our petty grudges for a moment andГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Crack!

The moment I activated Giant Form and swung my hammer with all my might, the man's temple was crushed like clay.

AndГўВҖВҰ.

Thud!

I tore my gaze from the fallen man and looked at the Vice-Captain.

In battle, when a superior is incapacitated, the next in rank naturally takes command, so if I just persuade this guyГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВҳAh, it's a pain to say anything long.ГўВҖВҷ

I just cut to the chase.

ГўВҖВңIf you're going to fight, then fight. If not, drop your weapons and kneel.ГўВҖВқ

It's a very simple thing, isn't it?

Anyone who can't do it doesn't deserve to live.

***

The damn Vice-Captain seemed to have too much on his mind and couldn't answer readily.

Even though I had kindly given him choices,

ГўВҖВҳWith an incompetent fool like this as the Vice-Captain, it's no wonder they're failing.ГўВҖВҷ

Choose to fight?

The moment he heard my proposal, he should have let out a war cry and rallied his members.

Raise the white flag instead?

He should have immediately cut ties with his Captain and dropped his weapon, proclaiming their innocence.

ButГўВҖВҰ.

The Vice-Captain's choice was 'to do nothing'.

He simply remained silent, his eyes darting around, and eventually, the members who had lost their leader failed to unite and began to act individually.

ГўВҖВңI-I was against this from the start!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңM-me too!ГўВҖВқ

When one of them lowered his weapon and knelt, the others quickly followed suit.

Do these guys think this is first-come, first-served?

Ah, of course, a few also tried to run into the maze without a backward glance.

ButГўВҖВҰ.

"Aaargh!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhu, I knew one or two like this would show up!ГўВҖВқ

Even that was blocked beforehand, so there was nothing more to see.

The Jagged Tooth Clan collapsed in an instant like dominoes.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWe were wrong, please spare us...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease have mercyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The situation ended with the lone Vice-Captain kneeling, his mental state shattered.

Contrary to my expectations, it was satisfying that no bloodshed occurred.

But how should I put thisГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳ...

The ending was a bit anticlimactic.ГўВҖВҷ

Honestly, it's just surprising that James Carla was the Vice-Captain here.

Ah, was he ostracized like that because everyone else was such an idiot?

Well, that could be it.

Idiots are good at that kind of thing.

They never voice their complaints openly, always scheming slyly from behindГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңThey are not at fault.ГўВҖВқ

As my temporary companions shrewdly tied up the kneeling men, the Vice-Captain suddenly ended his vow of silence.

ГўВҖВңYou can punish the Captain and me as much as you wish, but please let that appease your anger. I beg you.ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, this might be somewhat commendable.

If I were to put a number on it, it's worth about plus five points.

Well, his previous actions are worth about minus a hundred points, so his idiot rating won't change.

ГўВҖВңPleaseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Seeing him bow his head, his heart for the clan seemed genuine, but it wasn't something I could decide right away.

Because I hadn't heard the testimony of the biggest victim yet.

ГўВҖВңAinar, are you okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, ahГўВҖВҰ Oh! I-I'm! I'm okay...!!ГўВҖВқ

Even after some time had passed, Ainar still couldn't come to her senses, as if it were all a dream.

It's been a long time since I've seen her like this.

ГўВҖВңCalm down. There's no need to rush.ГўВҖВқ

I had a Priest slowly heal her and waited for Ainar to regain her composure.

ГўВҖВңBjorn? What in the world happened! Suddenly opening a portal and appearing out of thin air!ГўВҖВқ

Okay, since she's asking this, it seems her mental state has stabilized...

ГўВҖВңAh, it just kind of happened.ГўВҖВқ

Instead of explaining about the ninth floor or the Spirit Gate, I ended it with that one sentence.

Because the person I was talking to was Ainar.

ГўВҖВңAh, so it just kind of happenedГўВҖВҰ! I completely understand!!ГўВҖВқ

"Oh! You do?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYeah! Right, it's because of the Dimensional Collapse!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat's right!ГўВҖВқ

Well, it's not wrong.

Since Ainar's curiosity seemed to be resolved, it was my turn.

ГўВҖВңSo what happened to you?ГўВҖВқ

"Ah! That! Actually, for me too, it just kind of happened.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'd like a little more detail, please.ГўВҖВқ

"Hmm... Alright! Since you're asking, Bjorn!ГўВҖВқ

And so, Ainar's detailed explanation began, and I was able to grasp a rough idea of the situation.

The moment Amelia was heading to the rear with Kaislan, the Red Dragon bit me and took off.

As soon as Ainar saw it, she rushed in to save me, andГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңWhen I came to my senses, I had fallen in some strange place! I tried to go back, but I just kept ending up in weird places! I really thought I was in big trouble this time!!ГўВҖВқ

After that, Ainar's experience was similar to mine.

She became a dimensional wanderer, running around aimlessly, and found a suitable group of survivors to tag along with.

Hmm...

Since Ainar is a top-tier warrior, is "tag along" the right phrase?

Anyway.

ГўВҖВңAnd that was those bastards....!!ГўВҖВқ

It was lucky to run into another group so quickly, but in other aspects, her luck didn't hold.

When the long wave ended and a period of stability arrived, the Jagged Tooth Clan slowly revealed their hidden fangs.

ГўВҖВңAh! The gray-haired one! That gray-haired warrior helped me back then!ГўВҖВқ

The one who saved Ainar at that time was 'the gray-haired one'.

From what I heard, he wasn't from the Jagged Tooth Clan, but a survivor who happened to join them during the collapse, just like Ainar...

ГўВҖВңAh, he said he knew you, Bjorn! He said you helped him once before...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMe? What was his name?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat isГўВҖВҰ I-I don't know!ГўВҖВқ

A gray-haired warriorГўВҖВҰ I can't recall anyone in particular.

Could it be one of the warriors I met during the Berzak battle? No, if so, Ainar would at least remember his face...

"Anyway, what happened then?ГўВҖВқ

"Thanks to the gray-haired warrior, I was able to avoid the ambush and escape! ButГўВҖВҰ in the process, he was caughtГўВҖВҰ Ah! I-I can't just stand here! We have to find him now and at least recover his body!! He must be somewhere in the mazeГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDon't worry. I think I know where he is.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh... Is that really true!!ГўВҖВқ

Yes, I saw a corpse before coming through the Spirit Gate.

At the time, I thought it was a member of Jagged Tooth that Ainar had killed during the chase and just passed by, but now that I know he was a benefactor, I must find him and pay my minimum respects.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, there's not much after that! I was eventually caught by those bastards, and after that, I was surrounded and beaten for a long time! I-I'm serious, this time, I could see the faces of my Ancestral Spirits before my eyes...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's all because of this damn maze! If my strength hadn't been drained, I wouldn't have been beaten so helplessly!!ГўВҖВқ

With that, Ainar's testimony was over.

With the evidence and testimony clear, the verdict of the trial was all but decided, but...

ГўВҖВңSomeone, heal that guy.ГўВҖВқ

I first woke up the unconscious Captain.

Because I am a K-Barbarian who possesses both the heart of a warrior and the intellect of a modern person.

ГўВҖВңUgh, uckГўВҖВҰ M-my headГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Before passing judgment, I had to hear his final statement.

***

ГўВҖВңY-you, the hero of the city, launching a cowardly sneak attack in the middle of a conversation...!ГўВҖВқ

Whack-!

ГўВҖВңI-I made a rational judgment and devoted myself to avoiding bloodshed as much as possible!ГўВҖВқ

Whack-!

ГўВҖВңTo think you were such a fool, incapable of making even that much of a rational judgment in a disaster like this...!ГўВҖВқ

Crack-!

Ah, did I hit him too hard this time?

Thanks to the previous conversation, my question of what kind of mindset allowed this bastard to crawl before me was answered, but the most important question remained.

ГўВҖВңPriest, could you pray for this man one more time?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYesГўВҖВҰ Yes...ГўВҖВқ

As divine power was infused into him, the man with the crushed head woke up again like a zombie.

ГўВҖВңUgh, ugh...ГўВҖВқ

I asked, murmuring softly.

ГўВҖВңWhy?ГўВҖВқ

It was a question I didn't usually ask.

Because it was meaningless.

Knowing the reason changes nothing.

But...

ГўВҖВңWhy did you try to kill Ainar?ГўВҖВқ

This time, I was curious about the reason.

Of course, I had my suspicions, but was it truly a grudge that warranted such an act even amidst the crisis of this Dimensional Collapse?

To me, it felt like an incredibly irrational act, and I thought there might be a hidden reason I wasn't aware of.

But what was this now?

ГўВҖВңPuhehehe.ГўВҖВқ

As if pondering my question, the man who had been silent for a long time chuckled as if he couldn't hold back his laughter.

AndГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңWhy did I try to kill her? Are you asking because you don't know?ГўВҖВқ

He shot me a look full of hatred.

It was better than him begging for his life, but that didn't mean it wasn't unpleasant.

ГўВҖВңYou interfered with our long-prepared strategy to defeat Riakis! Do you have any idea how much damage that alone caused us?ГўВҖВқ

What, so they were the ones who summoned him after all.

They denied it to the very end back then.

ГўВҖВҰNot that it's important right now.

ГўВҖВңPuhahaГўВҖВҰ Yes, that doesn't matter! But after that! After that, you even took Count Alminus's sponsorship from us!ГўВҖВқ

"Huh?ГўВҖВқ

Took his sponsorship?

I've never received any sponsorship.

My relationship with the Count is strictly business.

ГўВҖВңOur long-prepared strategy failed, and we lost the Count's sponsorship! Do you have any idea how far we've fallen since then!ГўВҖВқ

Anyway, it seems these guys lost their sponsorship after that incident.

ГўВҖВңJudging by your expression, you didn't know? You wouldn't have cared! You were probably only thinking of trampling over others to climb up!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhatever. So? Is there anything else besides that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Later on, you even took our Vice-Captain and arbitrarily put him in your clan!ГўВҖВқ

What's he talking about? I only took the guy he was about to abandon first.

ГўВҖВңSo? That's not all, is it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat more is needed than this?ГўВҖВқ

He asked back instead, and I maintained my indifferent attitude.

It seems there's no hidden story I'm unaware ofГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңReally, is that really all?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Are you mocking me!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰWell, I can understand that reaction.

Creatures who can only live by blaming others certainly existed even in the advanced civilized world of South Korea.

Mostly in the gaming scene.

ГўВҖВңBut why Ainar and not me? I should be the one you hate.ГўВҖВқ

I asked one last thing before finishing the final statement, and for some reason, a question came back in return.

ГўВҖВңDon't act like a saint. You thinkГўВҖВҰ you think you'd be any different?ГўВҖВқ

For words spoken out of malice, they hit the mark quite well.

The more I thought about it, the more I was at a loss for words.

ГўВҖВңIndeed...ГўВҖВқ

I'm sure I wouldn't be any different from this bastard.

The target of my hatred is Lee Baekho, but if a member of his party appeared before me, I'd smash their head in an instant.

ГўВҖВңIndeed, you're rightГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I'll admit what I have to admit.

But that doesn't mean there aren't some pathetic parts.

I mean, right?

To propose peace the moment me and my people appeared and the situation changedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳJust that shallow of a grudge...

No, actually, at this point, it might be more appropriate to call it envy or jealousy rather than a grudge.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңWhat will you do?ГўВҖВқ

At the Priestess's question, who had been watching the situation, I pondered for a moment before making a decision.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 837 ---

Chapter 837: Grudge (4)

The verdict had already been decided in my mind.

But before I could even speak the words, the Special Mage shouted first.

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean, what should we do? Lady Elloid, what a strange question! These men dared to harm Viscount Yandel's companion for a personal grudge! And during this catastrophe, when we need all the help we can get!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI was not asking you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSummary judgment! There is no other answer but to execute them all on the spot!ГўВҖВқ

At the Special Mage's roar, the faces of the subdued Jagged Tooth Clan members turned pale.

ГўВҖВңExecute them all? What an outrageous thing to say! Viscount! I have no intention of speaking for the ringleader. However, it has been said since ancient times that if a ship heads in the wrong direction, you punish the bow. I beseech you to show mercy.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTsk, tskГўВҖВҰ This is why I canГўВҖВҷt stand these religious folk.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat did you just say? If you intend to insult Lord Heindel.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI was talking to myself! To myself!ГўВҖВқ

Here they go again, at each otherГўВҖВҷs throats.

At first, the Special Mage seemed to treat the Priestess well, but now they act like sworn enemies.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIn the first place, this is not a matter for you to argue about. It is for the Viscount to decide, and I am certain the Viscount will steer the ship in the right direction.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhu, well nowГўВҖВҰ I wonder about that?ГўВҖВқ

HmmГўВҖВҰ I did not really want this kind of setup.

This way, it looks like IГўВҖВҷm taking one personГўВҖВҷs side.

I licked my lips and walked toward the captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan.

ГўВҖВңAny last words?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKekekeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll take that as a noГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you make it back to the city alive, can you pass a message to my children?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlright, I'll deliver it.ГўВҖВқ

The moment permission was granted, the captain looked at me with bloodshot eyes and, without blinking once, spat out a voice filled with malice.

ГўВҖВңTo my beloved bloodline. The one who killed your father is Viscount Yandel. Never forget this grudge.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt is fine if you cannot do it right away. If you wait with patience, the time will surely come. It is fine if you cannot kill him. His companions, his family, the children he may one day haveГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnyone will do. As long as you can return the same pain, you must kill them and finish this fatherГўВҖВҷs revenge.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat is all I have to say. Will you deliver it?ГўВҖВқ

Having finished his last words, the man raised the corners of his blood-soaked mouth, and my temporary companions around him flared up in anger.

ГўВҖВңThis crazy bastardГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount! Just ignore this nonsense!ГўВҖВқ

Well, the malice in those last words was too strong to simply ignore.

In the end, I couldnГўВҖВҷt hold back and asked.

ГўВҖВңDo you mean that sincerely?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, does it look like a lie to you?ГўВҖВқ

No, it did not look like a lie.

That was why I understood it even less.

He wants me to deliver such words to his own children?

ГўВҖВңThis beast of a man, when heГўВҖВҷs the one who did wrong!ГўВҖВқ

One of the temporary companions watching shouted, but his words were cut short.

ГўВҖВңWho is right or wrong!! What does any of that matter!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe moment you stain your hands with blood! Everyone, no matter who, stands before the judgment seat, you idiots!ГўВҖВқ

For a moment, the malice that erupted from him overwhelmed everyone in the chamber.

ГўВҖВңKill me today, Bjorn Yandel! And when you return to the city, kill my children, my wife, my brothers! If you donГўВҖВҷt, then you too, one day!ГўВҖВқ

His shout, burning like a candle about to be extinguished, was never completed.

Splat!

I brought down my hammer, and with that, the rest of his words would forever remain unknown.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A silence that contrasted the madness that had filled the air.

Swoosh.

I casually wiped the blood from my hammer and walked over to the Vice-Captain.

Did he sense his own fate?

ГўВҖВңI have no last words.ГўВҖВқ

He spoke before I could even ask.

ГўВҖВңNo, rather, I would like to make a request. Please, don't let my children, my family, know of my end.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAnd why is that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause I do not wish for them to live in hell.ГўВҖВқ

At that short reply, my arm felt sore for some reason.

The hammer in my hand felt heavy.

No, it was not the hammer.

Drip, drop, dripГўВҖВҰ

The blood trickling down the edge of the hammer felt unusually heavy today.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIs that so.ГўВҖВқ

I suddenly remembered a portrait I had seen long ago.

The portrait I had seen in Hans A's bag.

In the portrait were a young girl, about three years old, and a young wife.

ГўВҖВҳShe must have grown a lot by now.ГўВҖВҷ

Yes, she must have grown a lot.

Enough to wonder why she did not have a father.

Perhaps, as that child grows older, she might start to dig into her fatherГўВҖВҷs disappearance.

And with the help of some fate, she might reach the truth that the hero of the city was the one who killed her father.

What would that child do then?

Would she think it was only natural for her father to die because he was a Raider?

ГўВҖВңDammit, how should I know.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGet up, you bastard.ГўВҖВқ

I pulled up the Vice-Captain, who had his eyes closed as if waiting for death.

It was not an impulsive decision.

ГўВҖВңI never intended to kill you in the first place, so get up.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, ahГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

When I grabbed his shoulder and forced him up, the Vice-Captain looked bewildered, as if it hadnГўВҖВҷt sunk in.

I glanced at the other restrained clan members and spoke.

ГўВҖВңIf I were to execute all of you here today, no one in the world could cast a stone at me. Because that is the unspoken rule of this Labyrinth.ГўВҖВқ

One who tries to harm another cannot speak up when the roles are reversed.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHowever, I will give you a chance!ГўВҖВқ

I said.

ГўВҖВңFrom now on, you will move with us and obey my commands. Not only will you handle the dirty and troublesome tasks, but you will also be the first to be used for the most dangerous jobs.ГўВҖВқ

It was a declaration that they would be treated no differently from slaves.

ГўВҖВңBut if you promise to endure this unjust treatment, I swear on my warriorГўВҖВҷs honor and my name that I will never hold todayГўВҖВҷs events against you, even after we return to the city!ГўВҖВқ

After my declaration, there was not even a momentГўВҖВҷs pause before a response came back.

ГўВҖВңI-IГўВҖВҷll do itГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease give us a chance!ГўВҖВқ

It was such an obvious reaction that it was embarrassing to say I had expected it.

Beyond it being the only way to save their lives, wasnГўВҖВҷt a dimensional collapse currently happening?

Even if they were treated like slaves, sticking close to our group gave them a higher chance of survivalГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou have made the right choice. Lord Heindel must surely be pleased with your mercy, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou are wise. Free slaves. If managed well, they could be quite useful!ГўВҖВқ

Ironically, both the Priestess and the Special Mage, who had been at odds over my decision, were satisfied.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Once the matter with the Jagged Tooth Clan was resolved, Ainar ran to me as if she had been waiting.

ГўВҖВңWe have to find the gray-haired man who helped me!ГўВҖВқ

Ah, rightГўВҖВҰ

We have to find him too.

The one who saved our Ainar.

ГўВҖВңDoes anyone know anything about that gray-haired man?ГўВҖВқ

Before going to find the body, I first sought counsel from the Jagged Tooth Clan members, but I did not gain much.

From what I heard, the gray-haired man, like Ainar, was an outsider who had joined during the collapse, so they knew nothing.

ГўВҖВңUmmГўВҖВҰ Hans? I think that was his name, more or lessГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?!ГўВҖВқ

I couldnГўВҖВҷt have saved Hans, could I?

If that were true, it would be a tragedy greater than Romeo and Juliet.

ГўВҖВңAre you sure? Can you take responsibility for that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңN-not to that extentГўВҖВҰ! S-sorry. I donГўВҖВҷt know!ГўВҖВқ

Hmph, to mention that name when you canГўВҖВҷt even take responsibility for it.

For some reason, an unknown sense of unease and itchiness seemed to emanate from my whole body.

Still, I had to look.

Even if his real name was ГўВҖВҳHansГўВҖВҷ, it was true that we owed him a debt of gratitude.

ГўВҖВңElbain Cutter, IГўВҖВҷll be back in a moment, so clean things up here.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, donГўВҖВҷt worry about this place. I will take responsibility and command.ГўВҖВқ

The Special Mage was acting as if he were my second-in-command, but I did not bother to pick a fight.

Well, he seemed to have some skill, at least.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs go, Ainar. This way.ГўВҖВқ

After that, I took only Ainar and separated from the group to find our way through the maze.

It was not very difficult.

I had seen the overall structure of the maze once from the ГўВҖВҳSide PathГўВҖВҷ, and I had properly experienced ГўВҖВҳLarkaz's MazeГўВҖВҷ once before.

Besides, the distance was not that far.

ГўВҖВңTh-there! Yes, it was thereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

After we passed a fork in the road, I saw a human male slumped against a wall, completely still.

He was clutching a sword tightly in his right hand, and his shield lay rolling a short distance away.

There was a mark on his iron breastplate where a sword had pierced through, and the dark red blood caked around it had not yet dried.

ГўВҖВңIf this man hadnГўВҖВҷt warned me and bought me time, I would be dead! What do you think, Bjorn! Do you recognize him? He said you helped him before.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Honestly, I was not sure.

He looked vaguely familiar, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңFirst, letГўВҖВҷs search his pockets.ГўВҖВқ

Fortunately, it did not take long to confirm his identity.

ГўВҖВңHe has an Identification badge.ГўВҖВқ

An Identification badge that every Explorer should carry.

By checking it, I could find out some basic information about him.

Explorer Rank 5.

Not high, but not exactly low either.

He might not play a decisive role in an expedition, but he could pull his own weight, and the entry barrier for a clan of some size was Rank 5.

His affiliated clan was Blue Flag.

I had heard of them while studying before this expedition, but they were not famous enough for me to know in detail.

Age 28.

And his name wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңCarlson Enderk.ГўВҖВқ

At least it wasn't Hans.

Still, I couldnГўВҖВҷt remember.

ГўВҖВңCarlson Enderk, Carlson Enderk, Carlson EnderkГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I kept muttering his name while looking at his face.

And did that effort pay off?

ГўВҖВңHow about it, do you remember now?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

I remembered.

Carlson Enderk.

I had certainly met this guy in the Labyrinth before.

ГўВҖВңYou remember! For him to sacrifice his life to save me like this, something big must have happened!ГўВҖВқ

But unlike what Ainar thought, no such event had ever taken place.

The time I met this guy was in the First Floor Rift.

The ГўВҖВҳIce CaveГўВҖВҷ, the same place where I first met Bear Uncle and did my first PK.

Carlson Enderk was one of the members.

I did not know his rank at the time.

His skill was around the mid-second floor level.

He clearly lacked experience, reeking of a novice Explorer, but I remembered him having a good mindset.

He did what he was told without complaint and tried his best to do one personГўВҖВҷs share.

He was not at all greedy during the final distribution of the spoils, and I liked that about him, so I gave him a generous amount of magic stones.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYes, yes! So what happened!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThatГўВҖВҷs all.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

That was the last connection I had with this man named Carlson Enderk, and after that, we never crossed paths, even by chance.

I had only just learned his last name, Enderk.

Yes, to put it simplyГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm confused. I never bestowed a favor great enough for him to lay down his life.ГўВҖВқ

Just giving him a slightly larger share of the money.

If I had bestowed anything, that was all.

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ is that soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I could not understand it at all.

But, perhaps it appeared differently in the eyes of Ainar, who saw the world more intuitively than anyone else.

ГўВҖВңIt seems Carlson was very grateful! For what you gave him back then!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, but still, for him to lay down his life for that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs what we think, isnГўВҖВҷt it! Carlson was a fine warrior who knew duty and gratitude!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut like a warrior, he was not good with numbers!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf we think the value of the grace is different, then we just have to repay him accordingly!ГўВҖВқ

For a moment, I was at a loss for words at AinarГўВҖВҷs statement.

It seemed to defy reason, and I was about to refute it, but then it felt like I was the one defying reason.

So I just accepted it.

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs true tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷve decided! When we return to the city, I will find CarlsonГўВҖВҷs family! And I will take responsibility for them!ГўВҖВқ

With those words, Ainar gathered all of CarlsonГўВҖВҷs equipment and hoisted his body onto her back.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs go back! With the warrior, Carlson Enderk!ГўВҖВқ

As I led Ainar, who was carrying the corpse, back to where the group was, I felt a truly strange mood.

It was likeГўВҖВҰ I really didn't know anything.

ГўВҖВҳThis is difficult.ГўВҖВҷ

A generous amount of magic stones.

A share of the profits that was now nothing more than pocket change.

[It seems Carlson was very grateful! For what you gave him back then!]

For something so small, a man had repaid a favor with his life.

[You interfered with our long-prepared plan to conquer Riakis!]

And for something just as small, another man had harbored a grudge deep enough to kill.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs so difficult.ГўВҖВҷ

This world I lived in was far too complex.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 838 ---

Chapter 838: Grudges (5)

After returning to the group, we held a simplified funeral for Carlson.

To be honest, it was embarrassing to even call it a funeral; we simply cremated Carlson's corpse on the Priest's advice.

Although, during the process, Ainar did protest, saying she would deliver the intact body to his family...

ГўВҖВңThe choice is yours, Lady Fenelin, but how about giving this warrior's soul, weary and exhausted from battle, rest as soon as possible?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI understand.ГўВҖВқ

At the Priestess's persuasion, Ainar relented.

After all, this was better than carrying a stiff corpse around in a pocket dimension.

Still, with a Priest present to recite a prayer for eternal rest, Carlson must have gone to a good place.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThank you for allowing this.ГўВҖВқ

As I watched Ainar carefully placing the ashes into a bottle, the Vice-Captain of the Jagged Tooth approached and spoke to me.

He, too, was holding a warm urn of ashes.

I had agreed to his request to hold a funeral for his Captain at the same timeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWe spent many years together, so my heart is not at ease. I knew he had become twisted at some point, but I couldn't set him straight.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that so?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. He wasn't like that from the beginning. I don't know if you'll believe me, but he used to be completely different from how he is now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that so?ГўВҖВқ

Recalling the curses he spewed at the end, I found it hard to believe that such a man was once normal.

ГўВҖВң... Thank you so much for giving me this chance.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo need to thank me. I just needed some manpower I could use freely.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEven so, I will not take it for granted. I will never forget this favor.ГўВҖВқ

Well, who knows.

It wouldn't be surprising if he acted this way to my face, only to start sharpening his sword of vengeance once he returned to the city.

Well, if he were to repay the favor in an unexpected way like Carlson did, I would be incredibly surprised.

Best not to expect anything.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰDo as you please.ГўВҖВқ

So when I gave a half-hearted, indifferent reply, the man bowed politely and left.

The more I thought about it, the more my head ached, so I decided not to worry about this issue any longer.

What does any of that matter?

There is no right answer to living in this chaotic world.

What matters is what I want to do.

I don't do good deeds expecting favors in return.

Nor do I shy away from what must be done for fear of resentment.

That principle is enough.

To live in this harsh world.

ГўВҖВңViscount, if it's not too much trouble, may I hear your esteemed opinion on our next move?ГўВҖВқ

Just as I had cleared my mind, the first temporary member, Maze Liner, approached and asked.

Our next moveГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWe rest.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe rest freely until the collapse begins again.ГўВҖВқ

It was already confirmed that there were no other survivors, but if we looked for things to do, there were plenty.

This maze held some pretty decent hidden rewards.

Just killing the boss and getting the Restrained Wish would be worth it, and there was also the potential for special events that could only be found during a dimensional collapse, like the hut where I met Zephyros.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳNow, I don't know when the stabilization period will end.ГўВҖВҷ

Just moving around is a risk.

Besides, even after entering the stabilization period, everyone had been running hard without getting proper rest.

It would be wise to focus on recovering our stamina until the wave begins.

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҰ he said rest-tttttttt!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Viscount said we can rest!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOoooh!!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTh-then! Can we really sleep now!!ГўВҖВқ

I didn't know they would be this happy, though.

ГўВҖВҳWell, we haven't rested once since coming here from the Eternal HallГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Despite dozens of people being crammed into a tiny space in preparation for a collapse that could begin at any moment, the survivors lay down on their backs without a single complaint.

AndГўВҖВҰ.

DRRRRRRRRONG!!

Dororong, dorororongГўВҖВҰ

Before long, listening to the harmony of snores, I also closed my eyes.

DRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOONG-!!!!!

Yeah, you have to rest when you can.

***

I had a dream for the first time in a while.

Zensia appeared in the dream.

The place was the Ice Cave, and Zensia was desperately begging me.

That she wanted to go home, that she couldn't die in a fucked-up place like this, to please save her.

On the crown of that Zensia's head, I brought down my mace without a hint of hesitation.

Then, what do you know?

ГўВҖВңUh, MomГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Zensia turned into a child, and the surrounding space changed.

The underground city of Noark, decades ago.

Little Zensia was with the bad old men of Noark, and when our eyes suddenly met, she glared at me fiercely.

And while keeping her gaze fixed on me, she began to stab the little girl next to her with a knife, again and again.

ГўВҖВңDieГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

Looking closer, that little girl was a baby Amelia.

I hurriedly ran to stop her, but for some reason, my body was frozen and wouldn't move.

The dream ended there.

ГўВҖВңHaaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Waking from the dream as if having a seizure, I replayed it in my mind for a moment before coming to a conclusion.

ГўВҖВңWhat a meaningless dream.ГўВҖВқ

There's no need to assign any particular meaning to a dream like this.

Dreams are naturally made from the strongest memories of the day.

I myself know best why I had such a dream.

However, it doesn't seem like I'll be able to fall back asleepГўВҖВҰ

DRRRRRRRRONGГўВҖВ”!!

Dororong, dorororongГўВҖВҰ

Careful not to wake the sleeping survivors, I slowly sat up.

I checked the time and saw that not much had passed.

About five or six hours?

But perhaps because my stamina itself has become superhuman, I don't feel that tired despite not sleeping much.

ГўВҖВҳShe's awake, too.ГўВҖВҷ

As I sat up while everyone else was lying down like corpses, it must have been conspicuous, as Armin, who caught my eye from a distance, greeted me with a nod.

Then, carefully avoiding stepping on people, she made her way over to me.

ГўВҖВңYou're awake. Aren't you tired?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI should be asking you that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI woke up in the middle of the night and couldn't fall back asleep.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnyway, would you like to take a look?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHmm?ГўВҖВқ

Armin suddenly handed me a notebook, so I took it and checked its contents.

It was a kind of roster.

The names, ranks, and classes of all the explorers present were briefly organized in it.

ГўВҖВңDid you make this yourself?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI had some spare time, so I organized it a bit. We need to know who is good at what to form a formation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou must have gone to some trouble.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, not at all. Mr. Cutter and Mr. Kevron were a great help.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKevron?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes? The Vice-Captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan. Did youГўВҖВҰ perhaps not know?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes, I think that was his name.ГўВҖВқ

It was a minor issue, so neither Armin nor I paid it much mind and moved on to the next topic.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, I've created a formation based on my experience running an expedition. Would you take a look?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, great.ГўВҖВқ

Following Armin's instruction, I turned the page of the notebook to reveal a fairly detailed deployment diagram.

A formation with walls built on the outside in order of sturdiness, with the less sturdy and more important people placed in the safer center.

ГўВҖВңYou've placed quite a few warriors in the center as well?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs you know, monsters can appear inside during a collapse.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd you've separated the Jagged Tooth clan members so they aren't too clustered together.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, I figured it might concern youГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

This was something I was supposed to do, but I woke up from a nap to find she had taken care of everything.

ГўВҖВңGood work. We can just follow this plan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'm glad I could be of help. Oh, and these are the belongings of the Jagged Tooth's Captain.ГўВҖВқ

Armin took a bag out of her pocket dimension bag and handed it to me.

ГўВҖВңAh, right, I haven't gone through his loot yetГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

What did the Captain have?

I soon opened the bag and rummaged through it, finding quite a few useful things.

Not only the equipment he was wearing, but also the spare equipment he was carrying seemed like it would sell for a good price.

And above allГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHe had this?ГўВҖВҷ

Among his possessions was one peculiar item.

A gem with a red luster that looked expensive at a glance.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰRestrained Wish?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, you know of it. I heard the Jagged Tooth Clan obtained it after catching a Minotaur during an expedition.ГўВҖВқ

To think I'd obtain something I was about to give up on like this.

I'm a little bewildered, but also excited.

A gamer's curiosity, perhaps.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰI wonder if it'll work on the Synthetic Essence I got from the Underground First Floor?ГўВҖВҷ

If it does work, what rank essence will come out?

Ah, of course, even if it changes it to a Rank 2 essence, I have no intention of using it.

It's an essence mixed with Rank 3, Rank 4, and Rank 5, but to me, it's far more valuable than most Rank 2 essences.

ГўВҖВҰThough, if it were a Rank 1 essence, that would be a different story.

ГўВҖВңThanks to you, I've got something good.ГўВҖВқ

After that, we passed the time talking freely.

Dimensional Collapse, the Lord of Tears, the Jagged Tooth Captain's last words, our Anabada Clan, the dead members of Armin's expedition, and so onГўВҖВҰ

As we were conversing on various topics, an unexpected person approached.

ГўВҖВңPriestess?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's Maria Shuare Elloid.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem, of course I knew that.ГўВҖВқ

I just call her that because she's the only female among the many priests.

Probably.

ГўВҖВңThen I would be honored.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo, what brings you here? Can't sleep either?ГўВҖВқ

When I asked bluntly, the Priestess shook her head.

ГўВҖВңNo, I came because there is something I'd like to ask you personally.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPersonallyГўВҖВҰ? Go on, then.ГўВҖВқ

Wondering what it was, I nodded right away, but even after permission was granted, the Priestess hesitated and couldn't easily open her mouth.

ГўВҖВңDidn't you say you had something to ask?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, I didГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen go ahead. Don't drag it out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf I mayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The Priestess, who had been dragging out her words, finally asked me.

ГўВҖВңI heard you were with Jun, the former inquisitor of the Tobera Church, on his final mission.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰJun?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, that's right. I heard you carried out a special mission for the royal family with him under the name Rihen Shuitz.ГўВҖВқ

A completely unexpected name popped out of nowhere, so I was a bit flustered, but I'm also curious.

What on earth does this woman want to ask?

ГўВҖВңSo?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat were his final moments like?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe was standing.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe died on his feet while protecting his other comrades from the enemy. He stood so firm that even the enemies didn't realize he was dead until much time had passed. Not even death could bring him down.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIsГўВҖВҰ that soГўВҖВҰ? He was truly a great man. To hear such words from a hero like you, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYour nuance sounds a bit strange. Am I mistaken?ГўВҖВқ

When I asked in a slightly harsh tone, the Priestess simply pressed her lips together and didn't give any answer.

Hey, this is just a loss for me.

ГўВҖВңI answered you, so you answer me. What is the reason you asked about Jun's final moments?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that your way of saying you don't want to answer?ГўВҖВқ

At her attitude that seemed to refuse communication, I frowned without realizing it, and finally, the Priestess's mouth opened.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI had a friend in the Tobera Church.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat friend died. Branded a heretic, he was stripped of all honor and executed before the statue of Tobera, whom he had followed so devotedly. The one who investigated my friend at that time was none other than Jun.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo I was curious. What kind of person was he, really. What on earth did he see that made him have no choice but to send my devout friend to the execution block.ГўВҖВқ

AhГўВҖВҰ uhГўВҖВҰ

As I stood dumbfounded, unable to say anything, the Priestess bowed formally.

ГўВҖВңIf that answers your question, I will take my leave now. Please rest.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ r-rightГўВҖВҰ You rest tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

After the Priestess left, Armin, who had been reading the mood and just rolling her eyes, let out the breath she had been holding.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI-I'll go get some rest now, too.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlrightГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

My benefactor could be someone else's enemy.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 839 ---

Chapter 839 ГўВҖВ“ Regression (1)  

RrrrrrrumbleГўВҖВ”!! Woof woof!!  

Before the collapse began again, I first woke up Ainar, who was sprawled flat on the ground.  

ГўВҖВңAinar.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰBjorn?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңStop sleeping and get up. WeГўВҖВҷve got something to do.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңUgh, whatever it is, canГўВҖВҷt I just sleep a little more?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңI said get up already.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAlright, alright! IГўВҖВҷll get up, so stop poking me! ItГўВҖВ”it tickles!ГўВҖВқ  

Though she was sluggish, the moment I jabbed her side with my finger, she jumped up in alarm.

See? If she had just gotten up right away, none of this wouldГўВҖВҷve been necessary.  

ГўВҖВңHaaahГўВҖВҰ So what is it? Earlier you told me to rest properlyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңThe situation has changed.ГўВҖВқ  

At my words, Ainar quickly whipped her head around, scanning the surroundings as if expecting a monster to appear.

Then she tilted her head.  

ГўВҖВңWhat exactly has changed?ГўВҖВқ  

Instead of answering, I shrugged and pulled out an item.

AinarГўВҖВҷs eyes widened in surprise.  

ГўВҖВңAh! IsnГўВҖВҷt thatГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңOh? You know what this is?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңNo? I just pretended to know!ГўВҖВқ  

Well, of course she wouldnГўВҖВҷt know.

When I first obtained this, Ainar wasnГўВҖВҷt even part of the team yet.  

ГўВҖВңSo what is that thing? If you woke me up from my sleep for it, it canГўВҖВҷt be some ordinary item!ГўВҖВқ  

Her oddly prideful tone irritated me for some reason, but snapping at her would only drag this conversation out unnecessarily.

So I explained calmly.  

ГўВҖВңThis is an item called ГўВҖВҳRestrained Wish.ГўВҖВҷГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңOh, I see.ГўВҖВқ  

Ainar nodded and reached out her hand, but I quickly pulled it back.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWerenГўВҖВҷt you going to give it to me?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңI am, but listen to the explanation first.ГўВҖВқ  

If I gave it to her right away and she broke it without knowing, that wouldnГўВҖВҷt be AinarГўВҖВҷs faultГўВҖВ”it would be mine.

And really, isnГўВҖВҷt it common sense?  

AinarГўВҖВҷs sense of caution isnГўВҖВҷt much different from a childГўВҖВҷs.

And you donГўВҖВҷt hand glass to a child.  

ГўВҖВңWhen you break this, youГўВҖВҷll be transported into a strange space. There, youГўВҖВҷll be able to choose one essence of Rank 4 or lower, and it will be rerolled into another random essence of the same rankГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

After briefly explaining, I told her to pick the essence of Semura.

Because that was the most efficient choice.

It was Rank 4, the maximum allowed, and [Repeated Slash] had become meaningless now that Ainar had become a lancer.

In other words, there was no risk in rerolling it.  

ГўВҖВңWhat? But youГўВҖВҷre telling me to throw away SemuraГўВҖВҷs essence?ГўВҖВқ  

For some reason, Ainar cried out in protest.  

ГўВҖВңThat essence was left to me by Kiduba!! You know that, donГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ  

Ah, rightГўВҖВҰ  

I remembered. [Repeated Slash] was the essence left to her by her elder, who had been like a teacher, through the Soul Inheritance ritual.

So of course, for sentimental Ainar, my suggestion wouldnГўВҖВҷt sit well.  

ГўВҖВңBut didnГўВҖВҷt you agree back when you switched your main weapon to a spear, when I told you that essence would have to be erased too?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIГўВҖВ”I donГўВҖВҷt remember that!ГўВҖВқ  

Hah.

She clearly remembered.

But judging from her stubbornness now, unlike back then when she nodded coolly, she didnГўВҖВҷt want to part with SemuraГўВҖВҷs essence after all.

Not that it was a problem.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt like this was my first time persuading a barbarian.  

ГўВҖВңThat essence is KidubaГўВҖВҷs soul itself! And youГўВҖВҷre telling me to throw away his soul? Never!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңWhen did I ever say throw it away? I said change it.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs just that the ability he left you will change. Think about it! If the ability he left you becomes even stronger, wouldnГўВҖВҷt his soul rejoice as well?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңMmГўВҖВҰ But stillГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңDo you think Kiduba was the kind of petty warrior whoГўВҖВҷd be upset just because the form of his gift changed a little?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңNo!! Absolutely not!!! Kiduba was a warrior among warriors!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңThen itГўВҖВҷs fine to just do as I say.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAlright! Bjorn, IГўВҖВҷll do as you say!ГўВҖВқ  

After finishing my persuasion, I added a few more explanations before finally handing over the Restrained Wish to Ainar.

But since she was the queen of impulsive behavior, I couldnГўВҖВҷt help but repeat my warnings several times as I gave it to her.  

ГўВҖВңGot it? Ainar, if you see a spear, thatГўВҖВҷs your first choice. If not, then pick the one that looks like it fights the best.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңOh! Got it!ГўВҖВқ  

No turning back now.

And so, Ainar crushed the Restrained Wish.

Crack!  

ГўВҖВҰWhy do I feel so uneasy about this?  

***  

[Ainar Fenelin has used ГўВҖВҳRestrained Wish.ГўВҖВҷ]  

[Ainar Fenelin is being transported to the Room of Balance.]  

***  

Fwoosh!  

Flames flared up, illuminating a stone chamber.  

ГўВҖВңOh!ГўВҖВқ  

Ainar FenelinГўВҖВҷs eyes sparkled as she looked around.

Just moments ago, she had been weighed down by guilt at the thought of erasing KidubaГўВҖВҷs essence.

But now, she was captivated by the mysterious space.  

ГўВҖВңSo thatГўВҖВҷs the stone gate Bjorn mentioned!ГўВҖВқ  

She carefully examined the stone gates surrounding her.

Partly out of curiosity, but mostly because if she picked wrong, Bjorn would scold her to no end.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThis one is Vertas!ГўВҖВқ  

The first stone gate she checked, she recognized immediately.

After all, she had obtained that essence herself by slaying it.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt particularly useful anymore, but it was still a cool essence that gave her wings.  

ГўВҖВңGood thing itГўВҖВҷs Rank 5ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

If it had been Rank 4, Bjorn might have told her to erase it.

Relieved, Ainar moved on to the second gate.

This one too, she recognized right away.  

ГўВҖВңLavaroad.ГўВҖВқ  

It was an essence she obtained while exploring the labyrinth alone, after Apple Narak disbanded due to BjornГўВҖВҷs disappearance.

The ability [Afterheat] synergized with [Wild Instinct Control] and [Scars of Explosion], helping her gain recognition as a member of the Seven Peaks.  

ГўВҖВңThis oneГўВҖВҷs Rank 4 tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Ainar clicked her tongue regretfully.

Though she had accepted BjornГўВҖВҷs reasoning, she still couldnГўВҖВҷt help but think:  

ГўВҖВңCanГўВҖВҷt I just use this one instead?ГўВҖВқ  

Of course, Bjorn would be furious.

She vaguely remembered him saying it was better to erase [Repeated Slash] than this one.

Because [Afterheat] could still be useful if she later gained another fire-related ability.

Yes, that was the reason.

Slide.

She checked the third gate, and her expression darkened.  

ГўВҖВңThis must beГўВҖВҰ Semura.ГўВҖВқ  

The Rank 4 monster Semura.

She had never fought it herself, but she had seen it in a book when she followed Bjorn to the library.

And everything matched the description Bjorn had given.

SlideГўВҖВҰ  

She checked the remaining two gates.

Both depicted grotesque monsters she had never seen before.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰUgh, theyГўВҖВҷre even uglier than I imagined.ГўВҖВқ  

They looked like melted creatures fused together into a solid lump.

But she knew what they represented.  

ГўВҖВңThese must be the essences from the First Underground FloorГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

The custom-made essences synthesized there.

Bjorn had specifically asked her to check if their gates would appear here.

Step.

Turning away from the ugly monsters, Ainar stood before SemuraГўВҖВҷs gate.

But she couldnГўВҖВҷt bring herself to reach out.

If she chose this, KidubaГўВҖВҷs [Repeated Slash] would vanish.

The thought made her heart ache.

There were too many memories tied to that essence.

Her first real battle, where she used [Repeated Slash].

The time she killed Vertas and unlocked synergy with [Scars of Explosion], boosting her combat power and bringing her closer to becoming a great warrior.

Even when she was discouraged, she would imagine defeating the previous tribe chief with [Repeated Slash] before falling asleep, to steel her resolve.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰFeels like I might cry.ГўВҖВқ  

Of course, no tears actually came.

It was just a feeling.

But the fact remainedГўВҖВ”she didnГўВҖВҷt want to erase this essence.

Maybe thatГўВҖВҷs whyГўВҖВҰ  

Her eyes kept drifting to the other gates.  

ГўВҖВҳVertas.ГўВҖВҷ Too cool to erase.  

ГўВҖВҳLavaroad.ГўВҖВҷ Bjorn said not to erase it.

But thenГўВҖВҰ  

Flash!  

A thought struck her.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThose ugly monstersГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Bjorn never said she couldnГўВҖВҷt pick them.

He only told her to check them carefully.

He never said she must never choose them.  

ГўВҖВңOh?ГўВҖВқ  

Once that thought took root, her heart tilted further and further.

Of course, she knew Bjorn would scold her if she picked them.

But so what?  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰCanГўВҖВҷt I just get scolded?ГўВҖВқ  

After all, she was used to being scolded!  

Step.

As if possessed, Ainar walked toward the gate of the fused monsters.

A powerful urge pulled her forward.

Somehow, she felt that choosing this would bring something better than erasing SemuraГўВҖВҷs essence.

Slide.

She checked both gates of the fused monsters.

And thenГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңThis oneГўВҖВҷs holding a spear, so I probably shouldnГўВҖВҷt pick it.ГўВҖВқ  

Finally, she reached out her hand.  

***  

[You have selected the essence of ???.]  

[Error detected.]  

[The chosen essence slightly exceeds the maximum allowed rank.]  

[The Guardian of Balance is adjusting the transaction.]  

[The selectable essence rank has been raised.]  

[From now on, no essence exceeding the maximum rank will appear in the Room of Balance.]  

[This is an essence currently possessed by no one.]  

[The Guardian of Balance acknowledges its rarity and presents a new option of equal value.]  

***  

Slide.

A passage opened beside her.

Striding through, Ainar entered another chamber identical to the first.

Fwoosh!  

Flames lit up the space, revealing three new stone gates.

Her eyes shone with excitement as she checked them.  

ГўВҖВңOh! A spear!ГўВҖВқ  

Thankfully, one of the gates depicted a monster holding a spear.

The problem wasГўВҖВҰ she had no idea what kind of monster it was.  

ГўВҖВңBut it looks strong enough!ГўВҖВқ  

She clenched her fists, barely restraining herself from rushing in immediately.

BjornГўВҖВҷs words echoed in her mind.

She had to check the other gates first.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰOh?ГўВҖВқ  

Calming down, she looked againГўВҖВ”and recognized the other two monsters.  

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs BarotanusГўВҖВҰ and thatГўВҖВҷs Helsmith!ГўВҖВқ  

And she even knew their ranks.

Unlike ordinary warriors, she could read and write, after all.  

ГўВҖВңOooh! Rank 3ГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ  

From Rank 3 upward, essences were rare and powerful.

Her excitement was uncontrollable.

But she still had questions.

Two, in fact.  

ГўВҖВңWait? DidnГўВҖВҷt Bjorn sayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

He had told her only up to Rank 4 would appear.

Yet here was a Rank 3 essence.

And not only thatГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңThe colorГўВҖВҰ itГўВҖВҷs rainbowГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ  

The gem embedded in the gate shimmered with rainbow light.

She didnГўВҖВҷt know why.

But she remembered BjornГўВҖВҷs words.  

ГўВҖВңHe said rainbow means Guardian EssenceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

He had told her it would never appear, but she should know about it anyway.

So what was going on?  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWell, whatever.ГўВҖВқ  

Ainar didnГўВҖВҷt think too hard about it.

Whatever the reason, it was a good thing!  

ГўВҖВңBeheeeeelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaahhh!!!ГўВҖВқ  

She shouted, believing it to be the blessing of the Ancestral Spirits.

But now came the hardest decision of her life.  

ГўВҖВңB-but which one do I pick?ГўВҖВқ  

She had been ready to choose the spear-wielding monster, but now that she knew the others were Guardian Essences, she hesitated.

After all, she didnГўВҖВҷt have a single Guardian Essence yet.

She was part of the Seven Peaks now, and even had the nickname ГўВҖВҳDivine Spear.ГўВҖВҷ  

ShouldnГўВҖВҷt she at least have one Guardian Essence to her name?  

The thought swirled in her head.

ButГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰStill, Bjorn told me to pick the one with a spearГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

As a wise warrior, Ainar once again mustered her superhuman willpower and suppressed her burning desire.

Step, step.

She walked up to the unknown spear-wielding monsterГўВҖВҷs gate, taking deep breaths.

For a moment, she allowed herself to savor the mysterious experience.  

ГўВҖВңTo think Bjorn already knew about such a wondrous place back thenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Her voice trailed off as she bit her lip.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰBjorn really isГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Her eyes grew cold.  

[The essence of Titanus seeps into the soul of Ainar Fenelin.]  

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 840 ---

Chapter 840 ГўВҖВ“ Regression (2)  

The moment Ainar used the [Restrained Wish],  

the shattered jewel burst apart like fireworks, scattering halos of light.

And that was all.

Ssshhhhh.

As the light lost its power and faded in color,  

Ainar, who had been staring blankly into the air as if she had fainted for a moment,  

regained focus in her eyes.  

ГўВҖВңUhhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷve returned.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңB-BjornГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңGet a hold of yourself and tell me. From the beginning to the endГўВҖВ”what happened in there?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAh, ahГўВҖВҰ wait a momentГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

WhatГўВҖВҷs this? Why does she look so dazed?  

ГўВҖВңFine. IГўВҖВҷll wait. Once youГўВҖВҷve adjusted, tell me.ГўВҖВқ  

My curiosity burned hotter, wondering what kind of Essence she had brought back from there,  

but I forced myself to wait.

Yet no matter how much time passed, AinarГўВҖВҷs lips remained sealed.

She seemed to have regained her senses already, butГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВҰWhy is she avoiding my eyes?  

As if she had done something wrong.

A sudden possibility flashed through my mind.

I lowered my voice and asked to confirm.  

ГўВҖВңAinar. Swear on your WarriorГўВҖВҷs HonorГўВҖВ”did you do exactly as I told you?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңEh? Th-thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Ainar fumbled, unable to answer, then suddenly raised her voice.  

ГўВҖВңW-what! Why bring up WarriorГўВҖВҷs Honor over something like this? Haha, hah! Bjorn, youГўВҖВҷre reallyГўВҖВҰ strange sometimes!ГўВҖВқ  

That confirmed it.  

ГўВҖВңYou didnГўВҖВҷt do as I said.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңN-no! Not that I didnГўВҖВҷt! I justГўВҖВҰ had my reasons!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңTell me everything. DonГўВҖВҷt leave out even the smallest detail.ГўВҖВқ  

In the end, I pressed her with a stern tone,  

and she must have realized she couldnГўВҖВҷt dodge it anymore,  

so she confessed honestly.

It was a story that made me want to cry blood.

I had wanted to hear her out fully before saying anything, butГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYou picked the Synthetic Essence I gave you, not the one from Semura? Just because you felt like it?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңI told you! It wasnГўВҖВҷt just because I felt like it! It was instinct! I had this gut feelingГўВҖВ”if I chose that one, something good would happen!ГўВҖВқ  

What nonsense.

ThatГўВҖВҷs the same thing.  

ГўВҖВңHaaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

I let out a sigh, but didnГўВҖВҷt scold her further.

After all, whatГўВҖВҷs done is doneГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВҳThough, come to think of it, whenever she says itГўВҖВҷs instinct, things somehow do turn out wellГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ  

Whether AinarГўВҖВҷs reckless choice was a blessing or a disaster,  

IГўВҖВҷd have to hear the rest of the story.

Even I hadnГўВҖВҷt expected the Vampire Essence to turn into Ogre Essence.

Synthetic Essences clearly held hidden potential.  

ГўВҖВңSo, what came out when you chose it?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңBarotanus and Helsmith!ГўВҖВқ  

A promotion to Rank 3, huhГўВҖВҰ  

It seemed the Room of Balance had more hidden conditions than I knew.  

ГўВҖВңAnd both of them were rainbow-colored jewels!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңWhat? Rank 3 Guardians appeared?ГўВҖВқ  

That was even better than mine.

When I had chosen, I got two Rank 4 Guardians and one Rank 3 normal Essence.

Wait a second.  

ГўВҖВҳThat meansГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ  

ГўВҖВңThe last one wasnГўВҖВҷt a Guardian, unfortunately! It was some monster IГўВҖВҷd never seen beforeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAnd? Which one did you pick?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI picked the monster IГўВҖВҷd never seen! It wasnГўВҖВҷt a Guardian, but it had a spearГўВҖВҰ and Bjorn, you told me to pick the one with a spear, remember?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm not scolding you. Just describe what that spear-wielder looked like.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAh, got it!ГўВҖВқ  

Relieved that I wasnГўВҖВҷt angry, Ainar calmed down and described the monsterГўВҖВҷs appearance.

As I listened, chills ran down my spine.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰTitanus?ГўВҖВқ  

A Rank 2 monster, really?  

ГўВҖВңOh! You know it?ГўВҖВқ  

Of course I did.

In fact, she should have known too.

Titanus was the very creature that became the base for ГўВҖВңMillayel, the Spear Keeper of the Heavens,ГўВҖВқ  

the one who had spat out the Verdant Spear on the First Floor.  

ГўВҖВңAh! I didnГўВҖВҷt realize! But wasnГўВҖВҷt that one different? It was wearing armor!ГўВҖВқ  

After she finished describing Titanus, I asked about the jewelГўВҖВҷs color.

She said it was yellow.

The more I heard, the more absurd it became.  

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰShe even got [Regression] from that?ГўВҖВҷ  

What kind of ridiculous luck was this?  

***  

The excitement of Ainar obtaining a Rank 2 Essence quickly passed.

I asked which of the two Synthetic Essences she had erased.

After piecing together the details, I confirmed it.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYou erased [War Machine] and [Unyielding Soul].ГўВҖВқ  

At least she hadnГўВҖВҷt erased the one with [Focused Shot].

Even if it was only a Rank 5 skill, it was a core skill for a Spear Barbarian,  

just like [Giant Form] was for a Shield Barbarian.  

ГўВҖВҳAnd now that she has [Regression], she can make full use of [Focused Shot] tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

Since she hadnГўВҖВҷt erased [Repeated Slash], the gains were even greater.

Though, once we returned to the city, sheГўВҖВҷd still need to erase it.

That could wait.  

ГўВҖВҳBut how in the world did a Rank 2 appear?ГўВҖВҷ  

I grew increasingly curious about the mechanism behind the Room of Balance.

If I could figure out its rules, the benefits would be enormous.  

ГўВҖВҳDoes using a Synthetic Essence always guarantee a +2 Rank increase?ГўВҖВҷ  

If so, then combining three Rank 3 Essences into a Synthetic one,  

and using [Restrained Wish], would yield a Rank 1 Essence.  

ГўВҖВҳBut thatГўВҖВҷs probably impossible.ГўВҖВҷ  

Dungeon & Stone wasnГўВҖВҷt such a simple game.

Besides, [Restrained Wish] could only be used up to Rank 4.  

Still, there were contradictions.

The Synthetic Essence Ainar had chosen was made of Rank 3 stats and two Rank 4 skills.  

ГўВҖВҳSo maybe it was judged as Rank 4 overall?ГўВҖВҷ  

IГўВҖВҷd have to test it properly later.  

ГўВҖВңBjorn!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңHm?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңWhat are you thinking so hard about? Hurry and tell me! What ability did I get? You already know, donГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAh, that?ГўВҖВқ  

I briefly explained the new skills to Ainar, who was eager to know.

First, the passive ability.  

(P) Devotee ГўВҖВ“ All external buffs are doubled.

If the effect wasnГўВҖВҷt cast by you, its power is doubled.

In short, when paired with a Priest or a support-type Ability User,  

her efficiency skyrocketed.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰEh? ThatГўВҖВҷs it?ГўВҖВқ  

Ainar tilted her head, unimpressed.

But she didnГўВҖВҷt understand.

In Dungeon & Stone, the shorter and simpler the description,  

the stronger the skill or item usually was.  

[Devotee] was one of those.

I knew better than anyone how much power ГўВҖВңdouble buffsГўВҖВқ could bring.  

ГўВҖВңThat alone is plenty. DonГўВҖВҷt be disappointed.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңI donГўВҖВҷt feel it yet, butГўВҖВҰ fine! What about the active ability?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs one youГўВҖВҷve seen beforeГўВҖВ”when we fought Millayel.ГўВҖВқ  

(A) Regression ГўВҖВ“  

Throw your weapon and recall it.

The thrown weapon always hits.

When recalled, its power increases slightly until the battle ends.

If it pierces through an enemy, it is instantly recalled,  

and half the Soul Power spent is refunded.

Compared to the passive, the description was long and detailed.

But it was still a high-value skill.

On its own it was mediocre, but with combos, it shined.  

ГўВҖВңAh! So thatГўВҖВҷs how it works!ГўВҖВқ  

After explaining the basics of the skill,  

I was about to tell her to practice whenГўВҖВ”  

Crack!  

The air split like a spiderweb.

The stabilization period was ending.

Collapse was beginning again.  

ГўВҖВңNo time to practice.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңD-dimensional collapseГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңEveryone, gather!ГўВҖВқ  

Well, nothing beats real combat for practice.  

***  

Dimensional Collapse events always followed two patterns:  

the ГўВҖВңWave,ГўВҖВқ where the field shifts and monsters pour out,  

and the ГўВҖВңStabilization,ГўВҖВқ the brief pause between waves.

We were now entering the third wave.

And the starting field wasГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңThe Dark Continent!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңA gray plain!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңYou all know the monsters here, but donГўВҖВҷt get carelessГўВҖВ”itГўВҖВҷs collapse mode!ГўВҖВқ  

The gray plains of the Seventh FloorГўВҖВҷs Dark Continent.

As the wave began, survivors barely gathered themselves,  

and monsters appeared everywhere.

Rank 6 monsters: Void Ants and Hell Ghouls.

Rank 5: Mainum and Zambet.

Rank 4: Dark Crystals, Brass Executioners, KarpaГўВҖВҰ  

And more, even monsters not normally found in the Dark Continent.

But no Rank 3 or higher yet.  

ГўВҖВңPerfect. Ainar, try what I told you. DonГўВҖВҷt overdo itГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңBEHELLAAAAAAA!!ГўВҖВқ  

Before I finished, Ainar roared her battle cry,  

raising the Verdant Spear.

But this time, she didnГўВҖВҷt recklessly charge ahead.

She didnГўВҖВҷt need to, not when she was testing her new skill.  

[Ainar Fenelin has cast Regression.]  

Fwoooosh!  

Her spear shot forward like an arrow,  

not from a bowstring but from the strength of her arm.

The target was a Rank 4 Brass Executioner,  

but it dodged with agile movements.

HoweverГўВҖВ”  

ГўВҖВҳYou think you can dodge a guaranteed hit?ГўВҖВҷ  

Like a homing missile, the spear corrected its path midair  

and struck true.

Ssshhk!  

It wasnГўВҖВҷt a fatal hit, but it pierced through.  

[You inflicted a Piercing Wound.]  

[Half of the Soul Power spent is refunded.]  

[Ainar Fenelin has recalled the Verdant Spear.]  

[Until the battle ends, RegressionГўВҖВҷs power increases slightly.]  

The spear returned to AinarГўВҖВҷs hand.  

ГўВҖВңOooh! It really came back!ГўВҖВқ  

Good, but that wasnГўВҖВҷt what I wanted to see.

There was something above that.  

ГўВҖВңStop fooling around. Do it properly now.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAh, I was just curious what would happen with one throw. IГўВҖВҷll do it for real now!ГўВҖВқ  

She readied her stance again.

This time, a white light gathered at the tip of her spear.

The effect of the Spear BarbarianГўВҖВҷs core skill.  

[Ainar Fenelin has cast Focused Shot.]  

[Focused Shot]ГўВҖВ”a transformation skill that acted as a trigger.  

[For the next strike only, all effects of your piercing skills are applied.]  

The glowing spear flew again.

Whoosh!  

Two translucent spears appeared alongside the main one.

The effect of [Trident].  

[Enemies detected near the target.]  

With monsters clustered together,  

the main spear struck the original target,  

while the two phantom spears struck nearby monsters.

Thud!  

Even those who tried to dodge couldnГўВҖВҷt escape.

Because this strike was triggered by [Focused Shot],  

the [Regression] effect applied to all three.  

[Piercing Wound inflicted.]  

[Half of the Soul Power spent is refunded.]  

[Piercing Wound inflicted.]  

[Half of the Soul Power spent is refunded.]  

[Piercing Wound inflicted.]  

[Half of the Soul Power spent is refunded.]  

Amazingly, the refund effect applied up to three times.

If the timing was right, she could even gain more MP than she spent.

And that wasnГўВҖВҷt all.  

[Until the battle ends, RegressionГўВҖВҷs power increases slightly.]  

[Until the battle ends, RegressionГўВҖВҷs power increases slightly.]  

[Until the battle ends, RegressionГўВҖВҷs power increases slightly.]  

The stacks of [Regression] increased three times at once.  

ГўВҖВңUOOOOHH!! Did you see that, Bjorn?! A Rank 4 monsterГўВҖВҷs already dead!ГўВҖВқ  

When she threw the spear again,  

it pierced another monsterГўВҖВҷs forehead,  

turning it into light and vanishing.

Even if it wasnГўВҖВҷt the toughest monster,  

she had slain a Rank 4 with just three throws.  

ГўВҖВҳWell, most of the damage came from the Verdant Spear itself, but stillГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

With so few spear-related Essences,  

her future growth was promising.

But IГўВҖВҷd think about her future later.

For now, I roared and charged to the frontlines.  

ГўВҖВңBEHELLAAAAAAA!!ГўВҖВқ  

HaaГўВҖВҰ hopefully this wave passes without incident.  

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 841 ---

Chapter 841 ГўВҖВ“ Regression (3)  

Monsters were pouring out, just as the word implied.

But perhaps my prayer for safety had reached the ears of the Ancestral Spirits.

So far, not a single Rank 1 monster had appeared.

A Rank 2 monster had shown up once, but thanks to a favorable matchup, we managed to defeat it without much damage.

AinarГўВҖВҷs contribution was especially great.

Because of the endless battles, the stacks of [Regression] had been piling up at a terrifying speed.  

ГЈВҖВҢUntil the end of battle, the power of [Regression] slightly increases.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢUntil the end of battle, the power of [Regression] ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ  

[...]  

1%.

With each stack of Regression, damage increased.

At 1,000 stacks, damage rose by a staggering 1,000%, entering the state called ГўВҖВҳFull Stack.ГўВҖВҷ  

The problem was that the state couldnГўВҖВҷt be maintained.

But that too had its pros and cons.  

ГЈВҖВҢAinar Fenelin has retrieved Verdant Spear.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢOn the next strike, the effect of ГўВҖВҳSoul TrackerГўВҖВҷ will be added.ГЈВҖВҚ  

When Full Stack was reached, everything was consumed to grant a one-time bonus.

In the ГўВҖВҳSoul TrackerГўВҖВҷ state, the next strike would always land as a Critical Hit.

Of course, the damage of a Critical Hit varied.

Because every monster had its own weakness.

Just like that Rank 2 monster, the ГўВҖВҳAbyss Golem,ГўВҖВҷ which appeared with dreadful momentum only to vanish in vain.

WhooooshГўВҖВ”!  

A spear shot out like an arrow, piercing through its black outer shell.

But ГўВҖВҳpiercedГўВҖВҷ wasnГўВҖВҷt the right word.

Even when dozens of explorers unleashed their firepower, they could only scratch its tough inner shell.

SsshhkГўВҖВ”  

The spear simply passed through, striking the hidden core inside.

PuuukГўВҖВ”!  

The core shattered, and the Abyss Golem instantly dissolved into a halo of light.

It was a monster with poor compatibility against us.

The Abyss Golem had few weaknesses, but the one it had was fatally decisive.  

ГЈВҖВҢYou have slain Abyss Golem.  

+EXP 8ГЈВҖВҚ  

That alone was already lucky enough, but surprisingly, fortune didnГўВҖВҷt stop there.  

ГўВҖВңL-Lord! An EssenceГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңViscount! An Essence dropped!ГўВҖВқ  

The Abyss Golem had dropped an Essence, which was quickly sealed into a vial by a mage and sent straight into my pocket dimension.  

ГўВҖВҳA Rank 2 EssenceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

I clenched my fist tightly.

Crack.

Luck was on my side.

I wouldnГўВҖВҷt deny it.

But that didnГўВҖВҷt mean I could let my guard down.

Accidents always struck when one relaxed.

Only by giving my all at every moment could I at least have the right to regret when something went wrong.

So, thenГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВңBeheeeellaaaaaa!!ГўВҖВқ  

I roared a battle cry.

The advanced war cry of a Shield Barbarian didnГўВҖВҷt just intimidate enemies and boost the casterГўВҖВҷs morale.  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has used [Wild Surge].ГЈВҖВҚ  

It amplified threat and physical stats.

And alsoГўВҖВҰ  

ГЈВҖВҢDeals damage to all Undead within range.ГЈВҖВҚ  

Thanks to the effect of Immortal Engraving, Stage 8, it dealt area damage to undead.  

ГЈВҖВҢYou have slain Death Knight.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢYou have slain Necromia.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢYou have slain Dark WorshipperГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ  

The damage was devastating to undead of Rank 6 and below.  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ  

Even if they werenГўВҖВҷt undead, they couldnГўВҖВҷt completely resist my roar.  

ГЈВҖВҢApplies penalties depending on the gap in rank between target and caster.ГЈВҖВҚ  

With a single roar, not only were the undead mobs cleared, but a wide-area stun spread across the battlefield.  

ГЈВҖВҢWhite Wyvern is paralyzed for 5 seconds.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢBone Drake is paralyzed for 5 seconds.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢBlood Roar is paralyzed for 10 seconds, then inflicted with Fear.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢNaga Archer is paralyzed for 10 secondsГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ  

Five seconds, ten secondsГўВҖВҰ  

Not long in absolute terms, and the severity of the status effect varied by monster.

Even Rank 3 monsters only suffered paralysis at best.

But anyone who had fought knew.

Even a few seconds of openingГўВҖВ”  

That no-guard moment was priceless in real combat.  

ГўВҖВңNow!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңWipe out those beasts!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңUooooohhh!!ГўВҖВқ  

As the stunned monsters were bombarded, they were quickly wiped out.

I, who had been drawing aggro at the frontlines with overwhelming threat level, was of course swept up in the bombardment as well.  

ГЈВҖВҢCharlotte Emblem has cast Sixth-Rank Attack Spell [Flame Baptism].ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast Fifth-Rank Attack Spell [Sever].ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢVero Raphaine has cast Fifth-Rank Attack Spell [Lightning Strike]ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ  

But it didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

I had already ordered them to only fire magic around me.  

ГЈВҖВҢYou have been struck by magic of Rank 5 or lower.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢThe Will of Aegis protects the character.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢThe Will of Aegis protects the character.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢThe Will of Aegis protectsГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ  

I was immune to Rank 5 magic and below.

And even higher-ranked magic wasnГўВҖВҷt much different.

KwoooomГўВҖВ”!  

ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance increases in proportion to absorbed magic damage.ГЈВҖВҚ  

When caught in Rank 4 or higher magic, my skin only grew tougher.

Though the absorbed damage was so small the increase wasnГўВҖВҷt much.  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Scales of Greed].ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacterГўВҖВҷs Magic Resistance is 500 or higher.ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢAll incoming magic damage reduced by 50%.ГЈВҖВҚ  

Any magic I took was halved.

On top of that, AegisГўВҖВҷ Barrier itself reduced magic damage by 30%.

Since the reductions were multiplicative, it wasnГўВҖВҷt 80% total, but aboutГўВҖВҰ  

ГўВҖВҳ65%.ГўВҖВҷ  

Not an exact number, since [Soul Link] was boosting AegisГўВҖВҷ Barrier as well.

But I didnГўВҖВҷt know what level Soul Link was at.

After all, who had time to calculate EXP when monsters were pouring endlessly?  

ГўВҖВҳOnce it hits Level 7, thereГўВҖВҷll be a visible effect.

IГўВҖВҷll know thenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

Anyway, cooldowns were up again.

So once moreГўВҖВ”  

ГўВҖВңBeheeeellaaaaaa!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has used [Wild Surge].ГЈВҖВҚ  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ  

I roared with all my might,  

unleashed firepower on the stiffened monsters,  

and when magic stones piled up, the mages collected them in bulk.  

ГўВҖВңA new wave incoming!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңCareful! Lots of Rank 3s among them!!ГўВҖВқ  

When higher-ranked monsters appeared, Ainar and the special squad, wrapped in buffs, charged out.

And when an Essence dropped, another task was added.  

ГўВҖВңAn Essence!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңDid anyone see which monster dropped it?!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңT-The one with the fang-like greatswordГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңGarcia! That was a Rank 3 monster! Inform the mages at once!ГўВҖВқ  

We had agreed beforehand: only Essences of Rank 3 or higher would be stored in vials.

We had enough vials for now, but who knew later.  

ГўВҖВңBeheeeellaaaaaa!!ГўВҖВқ  

As this process repeated, I noticed the way people looked at me was changing.

Especially the explorers from Jagged Tooth.  

ГўВҖВңTo take that much magic and still be fineГўВҖВҰ thatГўВҖВҷs insaneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңSurrendering was the right choice. WeГўВҖВҷd never have beaten LarkazГўВҖВҷs Maze.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңBut then, the CaptainГўВҖВҷs will to have his children avenge him against such a monsterГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs take that will to the grave. That childГўВҖВҷs been through enough.ГўВҖВқ  

I could hear them all.

Not insults, so I let it pass.  

***  

ГўВҖВңHuffГўВҖВҰ huffГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Amid ragged breaths, someone tossed a stone.

Thud.

It rolled across the ground, and at that sound, dozens of men shouted.  

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs over!!ГўВҖВқ  

The third wave had ended.

And it had gone surprisingly smoothly.  

ГўВҖВңCasualties?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңOnly one from the Jagged Tooth Clan. Considering we also gained three survivors during the Collapse, our strength has actually increased.ГўВҖВқ  

Only one dead.

And that one was from Jagged Tooth.

Armin had deliberately placed their members in riskier positions when forming the formation.

And since they were isolated, they couldnГўВҖВҷt coordinate with others.  

ГўВҖВңI seeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

But my feelings were strange.

Only one dead, wave clearedГўВҖВ”  

It shouldГўВҖВҷve been cause for joy.

Even more so since weГўВҖВҷd gained survivors.

Yet, the weight of that one death didnГўВҖВҷt feel light.  

ГўВҖВңOne from Jagged Tooth ClanГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

It didnГўВҖВҷt feel right to just leave it at that.  

ГўВҖВңWhat was his name?ГўВҖВқ  

At my question, Armin flipped open his notebook.  

ГўВҖВңMay Morita.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңI see.ГўВҖВқ  

I nodded.

Maybe it was self-deception, but just hearing the name made the weight feel a little lighter.

And so, it was time to do what needed to be done.  

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңPriest! Over here, please!ГўВҖВқ  

While exhausted explorers lay on the ground and priests tended to the wounded, I quickly checked our surroundings.

The blood-red sky, like the worldГўВҖВҷs end.

The flocks of crows.

And in the distance, the black fortress.

There was no mistaking it.  

ГўВҖВңThe Bloodstained Fortress.ГўВҖВқ  

One of the First Floor Rifts.

And we were still at its very entrance.  

ГўВҖВңOh!! Bjorn!! Over there!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңYes, I see it. Stop waving.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңHaha! Amazing! To come back here again!!ГўВҖВқ  

Though not as excited as Ainar, I too felt a strange nostalgia.

Here, I had once fought Corpse Golems and Vampires.

Back then, I was just a barehanded Barbarian with no Essences.  

ГўВҖВҳAt the time, I thought the VampireГўВҖВҷs appearance was the worst luckГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

But now, I wondered if it hadnГўВҖВҷt been the greatest fortune.

Because of that, I had advanced quickly, obtained the OgreГўВҖВҷs Essence, and survived the Dragon Slayer.  

ГўВҖВңShall we explore?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAfter some rest.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңUnderstood. IГўВҖВҷll inform the others. You heard him! Rest well!ГўВҖВқ  

With my orders relayed, the explorers finally relaxed and began resting.

The third wave had been lucky.

No Rank 1 monsters appeared, and only two Rank 2s.

We hadnГўВҖВҷt been dropped into strange fields with bizarre effects, and weГўВҖВҷd even gained three survivors.

But it wasnГўВҖВҷt an easy victory.

That single casualtyГўВҖВ”  

It had only been avoided thanks to everyone fulfilling their roles: mage, priest, vanguard, archer.  

ГўВҖВҳThe stabilization period is still far off.

For now, let them restГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

I then gathered three specific people.  

ГўВҖВңElГўВҖВҰ what was your surname again?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңMaria.ГўВҖВқ  

The priestess.  

ГўВҖВңElbain.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңAhaha, to be called by name! That must mean you trust me now!ГўВҖВқ  

The special mage.  

ГўВҖВңAnd youГўВҖВҰ sorry, what was your name again?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңA-Anton Finders.ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңRight, Anton.ГўВҖВқ  

The high-grade radar with [Luck Detection].

With the three gathered, I told them plainly.  

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre going out to scout. YouГўВҖВҷre not too tired, right?ГўВҖВқ  

Honestly, I couldГўВҖВҷve gone alone.

But who knew? There might be dangerous monsters trapped here by the dimensional collapse.  

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm tired, but I wonГўВҖВҷt shirk my duty!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңSince itГўВҖВҷs about finding survivors, IГўВҖВҷll come tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңM-My legs are sore thoughГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs serious! Let me fix that!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңW-Wait, what are youГўВҖВ”Aaaagh!! Fine! IГўВҖВҷll come! Just stop!!ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңGood! Muscle pain must be walked off anyway!ГўВҖВқ  

And so, with everyoneГўВҖВҷs ГўВҖВҳconsent,ГўВҖВҷ we set out to scout.

Checkpoints, drawbridges, outer walls, city streetsГўВҖВҰ  

The path I had once carved through with blood and sweat, I now passed easily.

I didnГўВҖВҷt even need to lift a hand.

The Bloodstained Fortress only spawned undead.  

ГўВҖВңBeheeeellaaaaaa!!ГўВҖВқ  

Just one [Wild Surge] wiped them all out in a single blow.

Boom! Boom! Boom!  

At the drawbridge, thousands of Dead MenГўВҖВҷs heads exploded.

It was a gruesome spectacle.  

ГўВҖВңSo weak, truly pitiful.ГўВҖВқ  

This was what I called Heavenly Demon Barbarian Mode.  

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰExcuse me?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңNothing. Just talking to myself. Or were you eavesdropping?ГўВҖВқ  

ГўВҖВңS-SorryГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ  

Anyway, after sweeping through the outer city, Anton suddenly shouted.  

ГўВҖВңWait! [Luck Detection] is picking something up!ГўВҖВқ  

In the center of a dried fountain stood a statue.

As expected, his skill was useful.

I smashed the statue with my hammer and found a small box hidden inside.  

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has obtained ГўВҖВҳTear of the Goddess.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ  

A one-time-use Sacred Artifact.

Extremely powerful, but usable only within the Bloodstained Fortress.

But if my guess was right, during the Collapse, it could be taken outside and used.

Slip.

I tucked it into my pocket dimension and thoughtГўВҖВ”  

ГўВҖВҳPerhapsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ  

Perhaps this would prove far more valuable than even the Vampire kill back then.  

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 842 ---

Chapter 842: Regression (4)

Tear of the Goddess.

The very item that played a decisive role in defeating the Rank 5 monster, the vampire duke Cambormir, back in my bare-bones Barbarian days.

In truth, I only use this item because there's no way to take it out with me; it's not something you'd normally waste on a mere Rank 5 creature.

"Aren't you going to check what it is? I could feel a divine power from it at just a glance..."

To the Priestess's curious question, I gave an awkward smile and vaguely said I'd look into it later.

Of course, I know exactly what this thing is.

When used, it inflicts area-wide damage to the undead, and if drunk, it can even heal injuries as severe as severed limbs.

That's why, in the early days, if the main character's arm got cut off and created a handicap, I often used the method of coming here to reattach it.

But...

'When you think about it, that's nothing.'

Damage? To be honest, it's not that amazing.

Even a mere Rank 5 monster like the vampire, who appeared as a Guardian, couldn't be killed in one shot.

Well, its healing power isn't bad.

As for healing, a Top-grade Potion can easily replace it.

The true value of this item lies elsewhere.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Tear of the Goddess has been destroyed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ[Grace] descends upon the location of destruction.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢBy [Grace], all of the vampire duke Cambormir's resistances are temporarily sealed, and he suffers great damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

The sealing of all resistances.

This single line option is this item's true value.

Even if it's temporary, it means you can completely wreck a monster's defenses.

ГўВҖВҳEven with Distortion Magic, I don't think I can take this out to the city...ГўВҖВҷ

Just having it on me is reassuring.

It will be a great source of strength in overcoming the calamity known as the Dimensional Collapse.

It will serve as a trump card when facing a powerful foe that is difficult to overcome.

Well, it's best if I never have to use it.

But things in this world don't always go as you wish.

'Alright, I've secured the most important thing...'

I considered withdrawing at this point and returning to the main group, but I just continued the search.

Returning suddenly from here would be a bit strange, and besides...

'I'm curious.'

Who could possibly be in the Boss Room?

My curiosity as a gamer is stirred.

If Cambormir is in there, I'd like to tie him up and have a little chat.

'I might even encounter the 'original', like Ormi Noark whom I met at the hut.'

With that thought in mind, I continued the search.

I passed through the city streets, the inner wall's Underground Prison, and finally reached the last chapter: the Demon Worship Hall.

Contrary to my worries, I didn't see a single monster from the outside that seemed to have been swept in by the Dimensional Collapse.

'If I knew it would be like this, maybe I should have just come alone.'

I only brought the Priest and the Mage to have a minimal response ready in case of an unexpected situation.

As for the radar... well, he was just sort of an extra.

"This should be the last place. According to the book I read, a Death Knight should appear as a Guardian beyond this point..."

"A Death Knight...?"

Well, this time, it seems like that might really be the case.

The doorknob at the entrance to the Boss Room was an ordinary color.

When Cambormir appears, even the color of the doorknob is different.

Therefore.

ScreeeechГўВҖВ”

I boldly opened the old door and entered the Boss RoomГўВҖВ”.

"Huh?"

Having entered the Boss Room without much thought, I froze in an instant.

[12......?]

What the hell is this thing?

In the center of the Boss Room, there wasn't a Death Knight, but a winged pig sitting there blankly.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered the range of [Gluttony].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ'Distortion' is applied to all living beings within the radius.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

The Boss Room, where a Death Knight or a Vampire should have been.

Inside, there was only a single monster.

"It... doesn't seem to be a Death Knight."

"Hmm, the information I read was from a reliable book. How strange...!"

"What should we do? It's a monster I've never seen before...?"

The trio who followed me calmly assessed the situation, ready to enter combat at any moment.

And as for me...

"Stop!!"

I used all my strength to stop them from reaching for their weapons.

"....?"

They all seemed dumbfounded, but it couldn't be helped.

I recognized this one, too.

"Guiltigos......."

A Rank 1 monster that appears on the Tenth Floor.

It goes without saying, but it was a foe that the four of us couldn't possibly face, even if we died and came back to life.

Chomp, chompГўВҖВ”!

It seemed to be in the middle of a meal.

A Rank 3 monster was impaled on its front paw... or more precisely, on the claw of its front paw.

ГўВҖВҳSo Guiltigos uses its claws like a fork.ГўВҖВҷ

While I made a mental note of this new fact...

I shared the information I knew with my companions.

Quickly, summarizing only the most important facts.

"Guiltigos is a Rank 1 demon-type."

"Gasp!"

"And it will never attack first, unless you attack it or get too close. Understood?"

"U-Understood."

That it doesn't attack Explorers first, but has a trait of tearing apart and eating all other monsters.

That it grows stronger the more monsters it eats, so each individual's strength varies.

I didn't bother sharing such extraneous information.

That wasn't what was important right now.

"If you understand, we will now slowly walk backward and leave this place. Do not provoke it, not even by accident. Got it?"

My companions did not reply.

But sometimes, silence is an answer in itself.

Shuf, shuf.

Judging by the sound of careful footsteps instead of words, it seemed everyone was of one mind.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Amidst the suffocating tension, we safely exited the Boss Room.

We had spotted it near the door, so we didn't even have to take many steps, yet for some reason, I felt completely drained.

The situation ended when I carefully closed the door, as if telling it to go on with its meal.

However, I still didn't feel safe.

It was only after passing through the Demon Worship Hall and the Underground Prison and arriving in the city streets that we let out the sounds we'd been holding back.

The Priestess was the first to speak.

"T-Truly, it was a demon of horrifying form... My hands and feet are still trembling."

I was dumbfounded.

Before I said it was Rank 1, she had been watching it with interest.

The second was the radar.

"W-What was that! A Rank 1 monster! Why in the world was something like that in there...!!"

It seems he was so out of his mind that he didn't get a good look at the surroundings.

"There was equipment and bones nearby, presumably belonging to explorers. It must have been swept in here along with them."

Of course, I don't know when that happened.

It could have happened during the collapse, or it might have fallen in there during the first or second stabilization period.

It wasn't particularly surprising.

Not every explorer would have had as peaceful a day as we did during the third wave.

"It was truly a surprising experience... but thinking about it calmly again, a question arises."

The third to speak was the Special Mage.

"A monster eating another monster... How is such a thing possible...?"

"Ah, that."

To explain that, I'd have to start with its passive.

[Gluttony]

This passive skill is an aura-type that applies Distortion to all living things within its radius.

In the case of monsters, their corpses remain even after death.

'In the case of a living person, they spit out a Magic Stone or drop one of the Essences they possessed at a low probability.'

And...

'There's also the effect of growing stronger by eating them.'

As expected of a Rank 1, it's a very peculiar skill in many ways.

I didn't bother telling them, since it felt like a hassle.

"Guiltigos... When I return to the city, I must look into it."

By the way, this guy keeps setting up flags.

Does he have that much to do when he gets back to the city?

"Anyway, nothing happened, so that's good. We'll end the search here and head back."

Having encountered a Rank 1 monster, there were no objections.

Afterward, we quickly returned to the main group for personal maintenance.

In other words, we took a break.

However, I'm not sure how much time passed after that.

I obtained a clue about my scattered companions from an unexpected source.

"You saw Misha...?"

This news came from one of the three survivors who had joined our group during the last wave.

Though I couldn't say whether this was good news or bad news.

"Can you stand by those words?"

"Yes! I can guarantee it! Miss Karlstein was wandering around, just like we were!"

"---- Alone?"

What in the world happened?

***

I spoke with him more afterward, but there was no particularly helpful information.

Before joining our group, while being swept about in the collapse, he had only happened to run into Misha once by chance.

"Hmm, but how can you be so sure it was Misha?"

"When we met, she asked me first! She asked if I had seen Viscount Yandel! Thinking back, her appearance was identical to Miss Karlstein's! And the monsters struck by her dagger would freeze!"

Certainly... with that much circumstantial evidence, it does seem like it was Misha.

"And? What happened then?"

"That's all. I told her I hadn't seen him, and we parted ways right after as if we were being chased. There were monsters everywhere, you see..."

"... I see."

After ending the conversation and sending him away, my thoughts deepened once more.

How did Misha end up separated from the other members?

It seems she was left behind alone and wandered around looking for me throughout the third wave.

Is she really still aliveГўВҖВ”.

Thump!

My heart kept pounding as dark imaginations encroached upon my mind.

Should I start looking for Misha from the next wave?

But that's impossible with this number of people.

Should I change my plans now, abandon them, and move alone?

"Bjorn."

"Ah."

Ainar, who had approached me unnoticed, pulled me from my spiraling thoughts.

"I heard the story. That Misha seems to be alone."

"Yes, just as you heard."

"What are you going to do?"

To that question about the future, I asked one back in return.

"What do you think I should do?"

A type of question I would almost never ask Ainar.

But this time, I wanted to hear her opinion.

A weak, unconscious desire to shift even a little of the weight of the choice onto someone, anyone.

But Ainar, as always, was clear.

"Well, I don't care either way! It's fine if we stay like this, and if you decide to abandon everyone and go search, I'll follow you."

Simply put, whatever.

For some reason, it reminds me of the trauma from meeting Hyunbyeol.

"So in the end, you're telling me to decide?"

"Because I trust your choice."

"Hoo...! Should I be happy about this or upset..."

Still, thanks to her, my head cleared up a bit.

A choice is both a right and a duty.

If I've always enjoyed the right to choose for others, then I must also fulfill the duty when things are tough.

Yes, so...

"There is no change in plans. We will overcome the Dimensional Collapse with these people, just as we are."

I shook off my last lingering attachments and made my decision.

Who knows? Misha will probably survive on her own, right?

Of course, that wasn't the sentiment behind my decision.

I simply judged that this was better for both of us.

If Misha is still wandering around during the next wave, staying in one place might actually increase our chances of meeting.

In fact, didn't the guy who brought me news of Misha meet us and join us while he was wandering?

Okay, then.

Decision made.

"I'm going to rest now, so you should rest too, Ainar."

"Understood!"

After sending Ainar off, I lay down on the floor, spread-eagled.

And then, how much time passed?

Zzzzzzzzt!!!

Hearing that sound, which now gave me PTSD just by listening to it, I shot up.

"Everyone, get up!"

"The collapse is beginning...!!"

"Hurry and gather in the center!!"

Now, it's the fourth wave.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 843 ---

Chapter 843: Wave (1)

The early part of the fourth wave went smoothly.

A series of manageable fields appeared one after another, so there were few instances of unkilled monsters piling up.

We reached what could be called the mid-to-late stage without any major incidents.

However, if I had to point out a problem, it would be this.

ГўВҖВңWe should have seen at least one by now, but this time, not a single hair has been seen.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell... I suppose that just means the number of people has decreased that much.ГўВҖВқ

Not a single survivor was seen wandering in the collapsing Labyrinth.

We had found three during the last wave.

It seemed the cause was that the number of living explorers itself had dwindled as we entered the fourth wave...

...

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Anxiety and impatience tried to grow, but there was nothing I could do right now.

'MishaГўВҖВҰ will be fine.'

'And my other companions, too...'

They will surely be fine.

So, I'll trust them and do what I have to do.

ГўВҖВңBehellaahhhhhh!!ГўВҖВқ

It was then, as I let out a war cry, swung my hammer, and raised my shield to block the enemy's assault.

ГўВҖВңHm?ГўВҖВқ

A strange phenomenon occurred amidst the monotonous, repetitive actions.

A blue light suddenly burst from the shield and began to flow into me...

Fwoooosh-

What's this? Did someone give me a buff or something?

That was my first thought, but in the end, that assumption was wrong.

Fwooooosh-

A light of azure hue.

This sensation, as if the shield and I had become one.

This isn't a buff.

Yes, this is...

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis has reached level 7.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll effects of this artifact will increase by a total of 40%.ГЈВҖВҚ

After Soul Link, the Barrier of Aegis, which had been steadily accumulating its own experience points under the surface, had finally reached level 7.

So, to break it down by the numbers...

[Top-grade Indestructibility]

[Immunity to all damage when 'Guarding' with the shield]

[When Threat Level is 500 or higher, all monsters will attack the wielder first.]

These options have fixed values, so they remain the same.

[Increases all of the wielder's defensive stats by 20%]

[When using Aura skills, the radius and effect are doubled.]

The stat increase would now be 28%, and the radius and effect increase would be 2.8 times...

[All magic damage received by the wielder and allies under an Oath within a 10m radius is reduced by 30%, and they are immune to Rank 5 or lower magic.]

The magic immunity part is a fixed value, but the option written in the first part is enhanced.

'A 14m radius and 42% magic damage reduction.'

In other words, if I use Scales of Greed now, the 42% will be multiplicatively applied to the 50%, resulting in a final reduction of 71%.

...

Am I done with magic now?

I could probably get the reduction rate to 100% if I tweaked my setup a bit more, but it's not really meaningful.

Just as there's a limit to the Blade Resistance of the Evolving Shell, there's also a cap on magic damage reduction.

With more time, I could reach a value close to the cap with just Soul Link and ComradeГўВҖВҷs Burden, the eighth-stage effect of the Immortal Engraving...

'Anyway, level 7 already...

It feels strange.'

My own level is 8, after years of struggling and rolling around in the Labyrinth.

Somehow, it feels like the value of all that hardship is fading.

'Well... it was a game where leveling up slowly was hard, but if you had the ability, it was instantaneous...'

Besides, my expeditions haven't exactly been ordinary.

The Underground First Floor, outside the Fortress Wall, and now a Dimensional Collapse.

Having gone through these big events one after another and gained experience, reaching level 7 already is, in a way, a natural result.

'I wonder what will be faster, this thing reaching level 8, or me hitting level 9...'

Honestly, I've been killing monsters so frantically that, at some point, it became impossible to calculate my experience points.

If I were to make a rough guess, I think I'm almost at the end of level 8...

'I suppose I've pretty much killed all the worthwhile monsters on the seventh floor and below.'

Of course, if you count the elite monsters that only appear in certain rifts and hidden fields, there are still quite a few left, but they aren't creatures you can hunt just because you want to.

Suddenly, I feel envious of the era decades ago, called the Golden Generation.

Back then, there were so many high-rank explorers that they formed expeditions in the hundreds to explore even the ninth floor.

Compared to these days, where even exploring the eighth floor has been stalled for years, the difficulty of leveling up must have been much lower.

'Perhaps that's why their levels were all inflated...'

The executives of Orculis are a prime example.

Having been active during the Golden Generation, their levels are high, and the rank of the essences they possess is also high, but their essence combinations themselves are of a very low quality.

Well, I can understand.

It was an era where the strength of the group was more important than the individual, so even with such flimsy essence combinations, there wouldn't have been much of an obstacle to reaching the upper floors.

Zzzzzzt!

As soon as I heard the familiar sound of something tearing, I ended my train of thought and checked my surroundings.

Because after this sound, the transfer begins.

ГўВҖВңGather up...!ГўВҖВқ

Even without any specific command, the explorers who had been spread out on a wide front, actively reducing the number of monsters, expertly gathered in the center.

Because after teleporting, monsters might appear in the center.

They've now developed a know-how for these dimensional collapses.

FlashГўВҖВ”!

Soon, my vision flickered like a TV turning off, and a new space appeared.

Swooooossshh-!

A coastline with crashing waves.

From that alone, I could guess where we were, but the sixth floor is exceptionally vast.

As I hurried to check our surroundings, there were explorers who recognized this place before I did.

ГўВҖВңRudria Island! It's Rudria Island!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, you're right!ГўВҖВқ

Rudria Island.

An island located in the far east of the Great Sea, just outside the boundary of the Grand Rock... and the very island where Lee Baekho's party was discovered resting when I checked through the Side Path.

Surprisingly, the location is also identical.

What kind of fateful coincidence is this?

On a hunch, I quickly turned my head, and behind me, I could see the traces of a campfire that Lee Baekho's party had made while camping.

That empty tree stump over there.

Just a day ago, Lee Baekho was sitting right there.

But only for a moment did I feel the hand of an unknown fate in this strange coincidence.

I shook off the feeling and focused on the present.

ГўВҖВңSomething's coming up from under the sea...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat in the world are those? They don't look like murlocs.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA trident...? I-It's a Speardipper! A Rank 3 monster!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? How can there be so ma...!ГўВҖВқ

A group of Speardippers, advancing inland in neat rows and columns like an army.

At a glance, there seemed to be well over dozens of them, and not even all of them had revealed themselves yet.

'Is it because this is where Lee Baekho was staying...?'

I couldn't even guess why these creatures, which should be in the deep sea, had appeared here, and in such a large group.

But trying to find a reason for something that had already happened was meaningless.

Especially during a dimensional collapse.

ГўВҖВңPrepare for battle! Stay sharp and maintain formation!ГўВҖВқ

However, just as I pushed the questions aside and was about to charge toward the beach.

They say misfortune never comes alone.

Kuuuuuuung!

A vibration originating from the overgrown inland area traveled through the grains of sand.

A somehow hair-raising sensation.

I whirled around and saw a giant monster crushing palm trees as it approached from behind.

It was letting out horrifying screeches.

[Gweeeeeeehhhhk!! Gwehk!!]

A bipedal monster that kept spewing something pitch-black from its gaping maw, as if it were sick to its stomach.

The moment I saw its hideous form, I recognized it.

ГўВҖВңWh-what is that...?ГўВҖВқ

First, it belongs to Rank 2.

However, it doesn't have a specific individual name.

That's because, unusually, it has no common variant and only appears as a Guardian.

[GweeehkГўВҖВ”! Li-light...! Gweeeeeeehk!]

A rift from the Seventh Floor's Dark Continent.

The Guardian of the Mausoleum of Valantis.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis has cast [Eclipse].ГЈВҖВҚ

If I had to be precise, 'Valantis' itself could be considered its individual name.

Well, that part doesn't matter.

[E-eat...! GweeeeeeehkГўВҖВ”!!]

A legion of Rank 3 monsters swarming from the beach.

A Rank 2 Rift Guardian approaching from the land.

ГўВҖВңAll of you, focus only on the beach. I will take care of that one!ГўВҖВқ

Even as I gave the order so quickly it could be considered instantaneous.

ГўВҖВңBehellaahhhhhh!!!ГўВҖВқ

And even in that moment, as I let out a powerful roar and blocked the creature's path.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

I couldn't help but think to myself.

'No wonder it's been so easy until now...'

That this time, great sacrifices would be inevitable.

***

As expected, the chaotic battle that began on Rudria Island left us with too many scars.

During a dimensional collapse, the option to 'flee' is erased.

No matter how much damage is incurred, there's no choice but to stand and fight...

Zzzzzzzzzzt!

Even the luck of the fields was not on our side.

On Rudria Island, we somehow managed to hold on without any casualties, but...

ГўВҖВңIt's a transfer...! Huddle together!ГўВҖВқ

The next area we transferred to was the Panthelion Ruins.

A field belonging to the Seventh Floor's Dark Continent, where various types of mechanical-type monsters poured out, ranging from Rank 6 down to Rank 3.

[Gweeeeeeehhhhk!!]

As the one solely responsible for marking Valantis, I couldn't know exactly how bad the situation was, but...

ГўВҖВңHey! Priest! Over here! Over here, please...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... He's already dead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAgh...! No wonder he kept bragging about his daughter!ГўВҖВқ

From that point on, deaths began to occur.

Three of them, at that.

[Chwi, chwiiik!]

Next was the Orc Settlement on the third floor.

I thought we could catch our breath since it was a lower floor, but for some reason, a Rank 2 monster appeared.

And one that's treated as a Raid Boss, no less.

ГўВҖВңO-Orc Lord...!ГўВҖВқ

Still, the silver lining was that the Orc Lord wasn't a creature with particularly high magic resistance.

Unlike this Valantis bastard here.

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast the Rank 2 Spatial Magic [Transfer].ГЈВҖВҚ

We succeeded in using our special mage's magic to send the Orc Lord far away, outside the dimension.

...

Although there was a price.

ГўВҖВңKeoheok!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA-are you alright?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... It's just mana exhaustion, no need to worry. However, I won't be able to do anything for a while.ГўВҖВқ

The special mage had become just special, but thanks to getting rid of the Orc Lord, we were able to prevent the situation from getting even worse.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed a Speardipper.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed a Speardipper.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed a Giga Wolf.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed a Speardipper.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed a Speardipp...ГЈВҖВҚ

The next transfer was so chaotic that I just kept fighting and passed through without even knowing where we were.

ГўВҖВңAn essence...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAny mage, just take it!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut I think this one used a spear...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңJust take it for now! You can remove it later!ГўВҖВқ

From then on, whenever an essence dropped, instead of putting it in a vial, whoever was in a position to just took it.

Because our combat power had to be increased, even by a little.

As it was, there were some who had leveled up during the collapse and had empty essence slots.

Zzzzzzt!

And so, the fourth transfer continued.

[Kkiek, kkiek, kkiekГўВҖВ”!]

The place where I opened my eyes amidst the chaos was the 'KingГўВҖВҷs Nest.'

A field that was one of the rifts on the eighth floor.

ГўВҖВңDamn it! It's wyverns!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIntercept them! Don't let them get close! If you get caught, it's over!!ГўВҖВқ

Despite our numerous attempts to keep them at bay, the winged beasts circling overhead cawed like crows, watching us with predatory eyes.

And...

ГўВҖВңKya, kyaaaaaaaaahkГўВҖВ”!!!ГўВҖВқ

A few of them finally managed to take advantage of the chaos, swooping down like lightning to snatch people and fly back into the sky.

Needless to say, rescue was impossible.

In the first place, the moment they flew up into the sky and crossed the invisible wall, the explorer being carried away vanished without a trace.

Grip-

What could I do in that process?

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laahhhhhhh!!ГўВҖВқ

Other than occasionally letting out a war cry to provide indirect help, there was nothing.

Because I was holding Valantis, preventing it from reaching the main force.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis has cast [Isolation].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis has cast [Negative Matter].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis has cast [Future Fixation]...ГЈВҖВҚ

For my part, holding it in place was all I could do.

I even tried using the Aegis Dragon Armor with full stacks, but due to Valantis's characteristics, it was impossible to inflict any real damage.

Therefore, to defeat Valantis, the situation with the main force had to improve.

But was this like pouring water into a cracked pot?

ГўВҖВңDamn it.ГўВҖВқ

The longer the battle dragged on, the more casualties mounted, and the situation worsened.

This is one of the biggest characteristics of a dimensional collapse.

Once you start falling behind in clearing enemies, it takes several times more effort to recover.

That's why.

Grip-

I watch, listen, and endure.

Because that's all I can do.

ГўВҖВң... B-brother! My brother!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLady Amblot, come here! It's already too late!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut...!!ГўВҖВқ

A wyvern snatches someone and flies away.

ГЈВҖВҢA Speardipper has cast [Trident].ГЈВҖВҚ

A Speardipper, one of the last few remaining, shoves its spear into someone's gut.

ГўВҖВңHuh...? Jacob? Jacob? Jacob!! Damn it!!ГўВҖВқ

In the chaos where it's hard to even look out for the person next to you, someone accidentally crosses the invisible wall.

ГўВҖВңW-we're done for here!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat! That crazy bastard! Get back here! We just have to hold on a little longerГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-I'm sorry...!ГўВҖВқ

Cases arise of those who viewed the situation pessimistically suddenly deserting their posts.

Even as tragic news came in ceaselessly, to the point I didn't even know how many had died this time.

ГўВҖВңBehellaahhhhhhhhhhh!!ГўВҖВқ

I endure, letting out a war cry.

Because there's nothing else I can do.

And also, because I know.

That if I endure and wait, the time will eventually come.

Zzzzt-

Yes, just like this.

Zzzzzzzzzzt!

The fifth transfer finally arrived.

Flash!

As the new field appeared, I threw a stone I was holding in my hand.

An action that took precedence over checking where we were.

Thud, clatter clatter~!

The forcefully thrown stone flew past Valantis and rolled on the ground.

The meaning of that fact was singular.

ГўВҖВңFinally.ГўВҖВқ

The fourth wave is over.

So, to put it simply.

ГўВҖВңI can kill them all now.ГўВҖВқ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 844 ---

Chapter 844 ГўВҖВ“  Wave (2) 

The already brutal Dimensional Collapse.

What makes the event even harder is the narrow terrain.

If the area is small, the number of people is naturally limited.

Once it goes over a hundred, even a single misstep could fling you outside, so realistically, sixty people is the maximum.

In other words, sheer numbers donГўВҖВҷt work in a Dimensional Collapse.

But is that all? 

As the waves continue, casualties are inevitable, and replenishing them depends entirely on luck.

And even thatГўВҖВҷs not the end of it. 

ГўВҖВҳFormation.ГўВҖВҷ 

Most of all, during a Collapse, the freedom of formation disappears.

Normally, during exploration, you can choose formations for breakthrough, retreat, annihilation, and so on.

But in a Collapse, only the defensive formation is possible.

And even that defensive formation requires spreading out the vanguard to block enemies rushing from all directionsГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВҳThe difficulty canГўВҖВҷt help but be brutal.ГўВҖВҷ 

ThatГўВҖВҷs why I was stuck holding only Valantis and unable to do anything else.

With limited formations, the freedom of strategy itself disappears.

Like this. 

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ 

All throughout the chaos, I had been holding Valantis alone.

For the first time, I moved from my position.

Something I could never have done during a Collapse.

But now, it was the stabilization period.

The restrictions were gone. 

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has used [Wild Surge].ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢCharacterГўВҖВҷs Threat Level exceeds 500.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢAll monsters within range will prioritize attacking the character.ГЈВҖВҚ 

As I roared, the option of AegisГўВҖВҷs Barrier activated, and Valantis followed me as if bewitched. 

ГўВҖВңEveryone, fall back! Ainar, prepare that!ГўВҖВқ 

After ordering the main force to retreat, I dashed to the opposite side, where drawing aggro with Threat Level alone had been impossible.

And I took all the monstersГўВҖВҷ aggro that had been attacking the main force.

This was a strategy impossible in the cramped space before. 

ГўВҖВҳPriorityГўВҖВҷ and ГўВҖВҳabsoluteГўВҖВҷ are different.

No matter how much aggro you pull, if the main force is right next to you, itГўВҖВҷll break instantly. 

ГўВҖВҳOkay, mob gathering is good enough nowГўВҖВҰ 

The distance from the main force is just right.

So thenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ 

ГўВҖВңFireГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ 

At my shout, the main force unleashed their maximum firepower, concentrated entirely around me.

Normally, this kind of hunting method would be impossible with an ordinary tank.

Kwaaaaaaaaaang!!! 

But it didnГўВҖВҷt matter. 

ГЈВҖВҢAll magic damage received is reduced by 50%.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance increases proportionally to absorbed magic damage.ГЈВҖВҚ 

Because I wasnГўВҖВҷt a normal tank.

And on top of that, all the care and support of the main force was focused on me, offsetting the bombardment. 

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Ode for a Hero].ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢEffect is tripled when the target is limited to one person.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Aria of Solace].ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the performance continues, the characterГўВҖВҷs natural regeneration greatly increases.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Wind and Light that Caress Wounds].ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the song continues, the character gains High Healing effectГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ 

Even if I was injured, the wounds healed instantly.

With the priestsГўВҖВҷ concentrated care, there was no tension even when surrounded by over a hundred monsters.

Unless it was an instant-death gimmick, even a Rank 1 monster couldnГўВҖВҷt one-shot me now.

Shield BarbarianГўВҖВҷs Rule No.1: 

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has taken damage.ГЈВҖВҚ 

Pain that doesnГўВҖВҷt kill only makes the Shield Barbarian stronger. 

ГЈВҖВҢDamage is accumulating.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢDamage is accumulatingГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ 

Even after five transfers, the stubborn Speardippers and the mechanical beasts that had followed from the Panthelion Ruins were all cleared out before long.

Compared to the chaos we had endured, it almost felt too easy.

Well, the fact that the troublesome wyverns hadnГўВҖВҷt followed us here played a big part too.

Anyway.

When all the mobs were cleared, the battlefield grew quieter, and one presence became even heavier. 

[Gweeeek! Gweeeek!] 

The Guardian of the Mausoleum of Valantis.

The Fallen Star, Valantis. 

[Keek! Keeeek! Gweeeek!] 

From the moment it first appeared until now, it had only glared at me, spewing its disgusting vomit. 

ГўВҖВңFire! Mages, Ability users, use fire! Nothing else works on this thing!ГўВҖВқ 

At my order, the main force responded after a brief pause.

Fireballs, Rain of Fire, Lava ArrowsГўВҖВҰ 

A storm of fire-attribute skills rained down. 

[Gweeeek! LiiightГўВҖВҰ biiiiiiiitГўВҖВҰ!!] 

In just five minutes, Phase 1 was over, and Phase 2 wasnГўВҖВҷt much harder. 

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis, has cast [Oath of Immortality].ГЈВҖВҚ 

At 50% HP, Phase 2 began.

Normally, the vomit would summon soldiers in proportion to the amount spewed, and the main body would strengthen accordingly.

ButГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВҳGuess Collapse has its perks too.ГўВҖВҷ 

We had already gone through five transfers.

The number of summoned soldiers was minimal, and reaching Phase 3 was easy. 

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis, is engulfed in flames.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢSomeone praying for corruption bestows a blessing.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢGains Fire Immunity until battle ends.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢAll resistance stats are greatly reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ 

Thus began Phase 3. 

Its skills were the same as before, butГўВҖВҰ 

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis, has cast [Negative Matter].ГЈВҖВҚ 

Instead of just poisoning the field with damage-over-time, now it exploded.

Boom! Boom! 

The black matter burst, dealing area damage.

Even its aura skill [Isolation] gained an additional effect, causing random explosions across the field.

But it didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

The main force had already pulled back far away. 

ГўВҖВңForget fire, now just hit it with everything!!ГўВҖВқ 

From then on, every type of bombardment except fire rained down, until finally, Phase 4 began. 

ГЈВҖВҢThe Fallen Star, Valantis, has reached 0% HP.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢCondition for [One Who Refuses Eternal Rest] has been met.ГЈВҖВҚ 

Its passive activated.

FwooooomГўВҖВ”! 

A massive black star, ten meters wide, rose into the sky.

It scattered debuffs with its aura and summoned soldiers recklessly, like a totem.

Until that star was destroyed, Valantis gained immunity to all damage.

ButГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВҳIf weГўВҖВҷve come this far, itГўВҖВҷs already over.ГўВҖВҷ 

At my shout, the awaited response came instantly. 

ГўВҖВңAinar!!!ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңUoooooooh!!!ГўВҖВқ 

With a roar as fierce as mine, a spear shot like lightning. 

ГЈВҖВҢNext strike will gain the effect of ГўВҖВҳSoul Tracker.ГўВҖВҷГЈВҖВҚ 

Though Ainar threw it toward ValantisГўВҖВҷs body, the skillГўВҖВҷs correction was absolute.

Whoooosh! 

As if mocking the idea that its weak point was elsewhere, the spear bent like a rod and shot toward the black star.

The spear pierced through the ominous star without resistance.

And thenГўВҖВ” 

Puuuk! 

A brief pause.

Boooooooom!!! 

The black star exploded like it had reached the end of its life, and ValantisГўВҖВҷs body collapsed.

Thud! 

As its massive body fell, radiant light scattered. 

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the Fallen Star, Valantis.

EXP +8.ГЈВҖВҚ 

ГЈВҖВҢBonus for defeating a High Guardian.

EXP +5.ГЈВҖВҚ 

At last, the battle was over.

So then, what was the reward for all that suffering? 

ГўВҖВҳEssence drop rate for Guardians is 33%.ГўВҖВҷ 

Since Ainar landed the finishing blow, No.9999 BeginnerГўВҖВҷs Luck added 5%, making it 38% total.

ButГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВңThe EssenceГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңIt didnГўВҖВҷt dropГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

Unfortunately, the Essence didnГўВҖВҷt drop.

It would have been useful, especially since it could be linked with AmeliaГўВҖВҷs [Self-Replication].

Still, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a total loss. 

ГўВҖВңAt least a Numbers Item!ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңYes, a Numbers Item dropped!ГўВҖВқ 

An item had dropped.

And not just anyГўВҖВ” 

ГўВҖВҳA Double NumbersГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ 

As rare as an Essence, a Double Numbers had dropped.

Strange.

As I bent down to pick up the loot, my hand felt unbearably heavy. 

*** 

Thirteen dead.

As soon as the battle ended, I checked the casualty report, and my heart sank.

Out of thirty-nine, a third were gone.

The dead came from all over.

One from ArminГўВҖВҷs expedition.

Two from the Illuma Clan.

Seven from the Jagged Tooth Clan.

And all three survivors who had joined during the Fourth Wave.

Ah, in the last case, one could be considered a deserter, but I counted them as dead anyway.

When the hard fight finally ended, the joy of survival spread like a plague, but only briefly.

Soon, a heavy gloom settled over the group. 

ГўВҖВңSeven yearsГўВҖВҰ weГўВҖВҷve known each other that long. Never thought IГўВҖВҷd see him go like this.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңFeels suffocating. What do I even tell his family when we returnГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңFuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuuck!!!ГўВҖВқ 

Even explorers used to farewells werenГўВҖВҷt emotionless monsters.

Losing someone close was painful for anyone.

Even more so if it was family. 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWeГўВҖВҷll need a funeral.ГўВҖВқ 

At my mutter, a woman who had been sitting on the ground shot up as if struck. 

ГўВҖВңHowГўВҖВҰ how can weГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ 

Charlotte Amblot of ArminГўВҖВҷs expedition.

A mage, and an explorer who worked with her brother in the same clan. 

ГўВҖВңM-my brotherГўВҖВҰ heГўВҖВҷs gone. GoneГўВҖВҰ I should have held him tighterГўВҖВҰ taken care of him betterГўВҖВҰ I shouldnГўВҖВҷt have left him thereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ 

Yes.

This was another curse of Dimensional Collapse.

If you couldnГўВҖВҷt recover the body in time during the chaos, it was lost forever. 

ГўВҖВңAaaahhhhhh!!!ГўВҖВқ 

Her wail was filled with grief.

But even as I watched her break down, I thought she was stronger than she looked.

At least she was blaming herself. 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAh.ГўВҖВқ 

Suddenly, I remembered the Underground First Floor.

Brian Amblot.

I hadnГўВҖВҷt been especially close, but he was a good man.

Back then, he had comforted and cared for his grieving sister when she lost a comrade.

A rare, warm scene in the Labyrinth. 

ГўВҖВңWhyГўВҖВҰ only meГўВҖВҰ why only meГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ 

Unable to watch CharlotteГўВҖВҷs grief any longer, I turned away.

I approached the priestess. 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰLater, IГўВҖВҷll arrange a place. Could you pray for the dead?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңOf courseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңThank you.ГўВҖВқ 

But as I turned to leave, she called me. 

ГўВҖВңWill it mean anythingГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ 

Her gaze was on Charlotte Amblot.

I understood without her saying more.

Would a funeral without bodies bring comfort? 

Or perhaps, from a religious view, without a corpse, the rites were meaningless.

Either way, I answered without hesitation. 

ГўВҖВңIt will. Definitely.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI see. Understood.ГўВҖВқ 

Later, when things had calmed, I immediately held the funeral.

Fwoooosh! 

At my order, the mages lit fires on the bare ground, and the priests prayed before the empty flames, prayers only the living could hear.

Even the exhausted explorers attended, at least for that moment.

When it ended, some stayed, others drifted away to rest with eyes closed like the dead.

I stood awkwardly in between, neither staying nor leaving, lingering in place for a long time. 

[00:01] 

When I checked the time absentmindedly, midnight had already passed.

Ainar came up, tapped my shoulder, and walked past. 

ГўВҖВңTime to sleep, Bjorn.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңWe still have to fight tomorrow.ГўВҖВқ 

Yes.

The Fourth Wave had only just ended.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 845 ---

Chapter 845. Wave (3)

The place where we spent our fourth stabilization period was the Second Floor, the Beast Den.

Aside from the slight smell, it was a pretty good floor to spend the stabilization period.

For one, being a lower floor, the difficulty was low.

As long as a Priest used Evil-Banishing Proclamation, the creatures that appeared in the Beast Den could not even get close.

Well, among the monsters swept up by the Collapse and dropped here, there might be some that could break through the barrierГўВҖВҰ but for that, we just had to take turns standing night watch.

"What will you do?"

At Armin's question, I took a moment to think.

There were two options.

Either search the surroundings.

Or lie down on the floor and recover my stamina.

I did not think for long and quickly made a decision.

ГўВҖВң... I should get some sleep.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see. Understood. Please rest."

Right, let's just rest this time.

Everyone was tired in many ways, and there were not any particular events to look out for on this floor anyway.

'If I had to hope for something, it would be finding another group of survivors during the search...'

Honestly, if we could find them, it would be a great help.

After all, we had suffered quite a lot of losses this time.

If we did not replenish our numbers somehow, the burden would surely increase as the waves continued, so even if the chances were slim, searching was essential.

However...

ГўВҖВңThen I will gather the explorers who have the energy and begin searching the area. Please rest, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... I'll leave it to you."

It should be fine to leave it to others for a day.

Honestly, positions like rogues or scouts had been having it easy all this time, had they not?

They needed something to do too.

ГўВҖВңApologies for interrupting your rest! We are selecting members for a search party. Those whose names are called, please step forward. Creed Allen, Anton......."

Listening to the explorers who could not help but have energy left being called out, I found a spot, lay down, and fell asleep.

And...

Grrrrrrrrrr! Snort! Snort!!

This time, I did not dream at all while I slept.

I woke up feeling as if I had just closed my eyes for a moment, and I could hear murmuring from my surroundings.

What the hell are they chattering about? While everyone's sleeping.

I took out my watch from my clothes and peeked with my eyes slightly open.

[06:35]

So I slept for a little over six hours...

The stabilization period lasts for at least eight hours, so I can still rest easy for another thirty minutes.

So I tried to get a little more sleep...

Agh, really.

With all the whispering around me, there was no way I could sleep.

ГўВҖВңOh, just now...? I think he woke up.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңH-here, you go talk to him.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Ahem, let's wait a bit longer, just in case.ГўВҖВқ

Hearing the whispering voices clearly now, I figured I would not be able to fall back asleep, so I just sat up.

"Gasp...!"

"The Viscount is awake!"

ГўВҖВңHey, what has been going on?ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps because I had just woken up, my voice came out a bit gruff.

The nearby survivors scurried over to report.

ГўВҖВңThe search party found another group of survivors, and Lord Armin is currently identifying them."

ГўВҖВңWhat? They found them? How many?ГўВҖВқ

"Well... it seems there are more than ten. For the details, you should speak with Lord Armin."

ГўВҖВңMore than ten!ГўВҖВқ

It was such good news that the annoyance I felt from waking up vanished without a trace.

Of course, one question remained.

"But why were you all just standing there instead of waking me up right away?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, thatГўВҖВҷs because Lord Armin told us to let you rest until you woke up, if possible..."

ГўВҖВң... I see.ГўВҖВқ

I appreciated the consideration, but it seemed like a pointless gesture.

How could I sleep comfortably with them acting like that right next to me in the first place?

ГўВҖВңArmin is... ah, there he is.ГўВҖВқ

Getting up completely, I spotted Armin positioned a little away from the main group and headed toward him.

ГўВҖВңViscount?"

ГўВҖВңAre these them? The group the search party found.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. To explain briefly, a total of three clans naturally gathered and joined forces during the Collapse, but suffered heavy losses during this wave. Our search party found a total of 14 survivors resting. We have made contact and confirmed their desire to join us. Their identities have been confirmed, so you can look over the data...ГўВҖВқ

What was with this not-so-brief explanation?

I took the data and scanned through it.

Their average rank was quite decent.

It seemed that if we accepted them, they would not just be free-riding but could pull their own weight.

ГўВҖВңThey were waiting away from the main group because your permission has not yet been grantГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPermission granted.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I gave permission, the faces of the explorers, who had been listening to my conversation with Armin with somewhat anxious expressions, brightened up.

ГўВҖВңOoh...! We're saved...!!"

ГўВҖВңTo meet Viscount Yandel's group during the Collapse!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThis can only be described as divine help...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLong live Viscount Yandel!"

Seeing their intense reactions, I realized anew how good Armin was at his job.

Now that I thought about it, telling them not to wake me and to wait was not just simple consideration.

'He dragged it out on purpose.ГўВҖВҷ

Because the more anxious they became, the clearer the power dynamic between us would be.

It also strengthened the legitimacy of my command later on.

After all, there was a difference between a collaborator and a castaway, was there not?

ГўВҖВңViscount, may I say something?"

ГўВҖВңGo ahead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTheir identities have been confirmed, but I am concerned that you are letting them into our group too easily. Is it not a difficult situation for us to take care of just ourselves...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI know what you're worried about. However, with a terrible accident like this Dimensional Collapse, according to the Labyrinth Disaster Act established by the Royal Family and the Guild, I have a duty to rescue them and overcome this disaster together.ГўВҖВқ

"But, what if they cause troubleГўВҖВ”."

ГўВҖВңEnough."

I cut Armin off and looked at the survivors, asking.

ГўВҖВңYou all, you're not planning to cause any trouble, are you?"

ГўВҖВңNo! That will never happen! If you trust us, we will surely live up to that trust!"

ГўВҖВңSo they say.ГўВҖВқ

Armin shut his mouth, looking somewhat displeased, and with that, the little impromptu act was over.

ГўВҖВңThen, I'll be counting on you from now on."

ГўВҖВңYes, Viscount! Thank you for accepting us!"

Afterward, the 14 new members moved from the outskirts to join the main group and received a short briefing from Armin.

Where to stand when the wave begins, what strategies we can use, what to do in those situations, and so on.

'Well then, since they're handling the tutorial over there...?'

I soon set aside my interest in the new members for a moment and turned my gaze elsewhere.

The place where we held a simple funeral before I fell asleep.

Unlike what I had worried about, the area around it was quiet.

ГўВҖВң... Thankfully, they're sleeping.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlthough it has not been long since they fell asleep."

The one who answered my monologue was the Supernatural Ability user, Maze Liner.

The first survivor I encountered after I was separated from the Anabada Clan.

"Viscount, do not worry about it too much. They're not children.ГўВҖВқ

Liner said this while looking at the bereaved family(?) who had fallen asleep as if from exhaustion at the site of the funeral.

For a moment, I wondered if he was always this cold-blooded, but I nodded at the words that followed.

ГўВҖВңThey are people who have survived until now, are they not? Even if we leave them alone, they will overcome it on their own. Whether they like it or not, it is something they have likely experienced at least once."

Strangely, his words did not sound heartless.

Nor did I feel like he was speaking lightly because it was someone else's problem.

After all, was not this guy, Liner, also someone who had lost all his companions and was wandering aimlessly?

He had simply accepted and resigned himself to it.

The damned fate that comes with being an Explorer.

ГўВҖВң... What are you saying all of a sudden? You should stop worrying about me and go get some sleep yourself.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMy apologies.ГўВҖВқ

Liner then bowed politely and left, and I quietly let out a bitter sigh.

"Hoo........"

The air escaped from my lungs.

But it did not feel refreshing at all.

It felt like something heavy was resting on my neck.

But the more I felt that way, the more I decided to think about the things I had to do.

It made sense, did it not?

My words of comfort would not bring the dead back to life.

Clench.

There was nothing to do but try my best.

I just had to do my best to keep as many of these people, now bound by a shared fate, alive and get them back.

"V-Viscount!!"

Just then, an explorer standing guard on the outskirts called out to me urgently.

"There's a group of survivors ahead...!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

I quickly ran out and stared in the direction the detection-type explorer was pointing.

Within the sunken darkness of the labyrinth.

Clank, clank.

There was an uninvited guest, approaching with an eerie clanking of metal.

***

The ones who emerged from the darkness were not ordinary explorers.

"The Royal Knights.....?"

ГўВҖВңThey are knights from the Royal Army!ГўВҖВқ

A group of knights with the insignia of the royal family engraved on their chests.

Of course, their appearance was not as splendid and clean as when seen in the city.

Not only was their exposed skin caked with blood and flesh, but their armor was also dented in places, indirectly revealing the fierce battles they had fought.

ГўВҖВңIt seems they were separated from the Royal Army too!"

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs a shame theyГўВҖВҷre not a rescue team, but...ГўВҖВқ

It was not hard to realize that these knights were also castaways, just like us.

But in disaster situations like this, public officials always feel particularly welcome.

ГўВҖВңTruly, the gods are helping us!ГўВҖВқ

Seeing the reactions around me, the feelings of welcome and relief seemed far greater than any wariness toward outsiders.

Unlike me, who harbors a deep distrust of the royal family.

ГўВҖВңThat's far enough.ГўВҖВқ

I stopped the approaching knights with a slightly aggressive tone.

And at the same time, I quickly checked their numbers.

ГўВҖВңViscount Yandel?"

The one at the head of the group of knights seemed to recognize me.

He tilted his head, then, greatly surprised, tried to take another step forward.

Therefore...

"Did you not hear me say that's far enough?"

I stopped their approach with an even stronger tone.

Because with guys like these, it is easier if you establish dominance from the start.

"There's no need to be wary! As you can see, we belong to the Rafdonia RoyГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFirst, state your name and affiliatioГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Just as I was about to quickly check their identities.

From within the group of knights, an unexpected face emerged with a familiar voice.

"Hey, Viscount Yandel!!!"

Somehow unpleasant-looking eyes.

A sturdy but slightly flabby build.

And on top of that, a shiny scalp as if he had been hit by a hair-loss beam.

ГўВҖВңIria Adnus...?ГўВҖВқ

The Guild Master.

The very same one who joined the Anabada Clan on this expedition in exchange for the Dragon Heart.

ГўВҖВңYou can rest assured! These people are truly knights of the royal family! They even rescued me when I was lost!"

For a moment, my mind went blank.

What is this situation?

Misha, who was supposed to show up, was nowhere to be seen, and suddenly this old man pops out of nowhere?

ГўВҖВңUh.......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-I'm so glad to see you again! Ahh! I do not care about achievements or any of that anymore, I just want to go home safely...!"

ГўВҖВңWhat? Why are you here...? Where is everyone else?"

ГўВҖВңAh, wellГўВҖВҰ things happened!ГўВҖВқ

I was so surprised that I forgot all about the knights and listened to the guild master's story first.

It was not a long story.

If you took out all the emotions he felt at the time and his whining, and just looked at the facts,

ГўВҖВңYou missed your step and fell away from the group, then you were rescued by the Royal Army, and finally, you met me here?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIn summary, yes!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMisha? What happened to Misha?"

ГўВҖВңLady Karlstein? Did something happen to Lady Karlstein?ГўВҖВқ

Unfortunately, the guild master could not give any clear answers to my questions about Misha.

Because he knew even less than I did.

ГўВҖВңEveryone was safe before I fell! Ah! Except for Lady Fenelin, that is!"

Drawing a timeline, it seemed the guild master fell behind first, and then some problem occurred and Misha got separated...

What on earth happened with the main groupГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңAhem......."

Ah, right, these guys were here too.

At the sound of the cough, I reflexively turned my gaze, and the knight whose eyes I met took the opportunity to speak.

ГўВҖВңIt is an honor to meet you. I am Saul Andreakora, Fourth Company Commander of the Third Royal Knight Division.ГўВҖВқ

It was a strange thing.

He had kept his mouth shut while the guild master and I were talking earlier, so I thought he had some sense.

ГўВҖВңAn accident occurred during the Dimensional Collapse, causing us to be separated from the main force. I ask for your active cooperation until my company can rejoin the main force.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs he crazy?"

What cooperation?

"Eh? What did you just say.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh."

There was the unfortunate incident of accidentally speaking my thoughts aloud, but it was not a big problem.

After all, the most important point about a mistake is how you correct it.

Therefore, I continued with what I originally intended to say.

ГўВҖВңWhat cooperation? You have two choices.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTwo......?"

ГўВҖВңGet lost, or grovel.ГўВҖВқ

Who does this untitled bastard think he is, acting up?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 846 ---

Chapter 846. Wave (4)

Contrary to my expectations, the Knight at a crossroads made a quick and rational decision.

"I yield."

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

He said it so coolly that for a moment, I thought I had misheard him.

But I had heard him correctly.

"The nineteen members of the 4th Company have made every effort to rejoin the main force, but we have determined that it is difficult to fulfill this duty due to unavoidable circumstances. From now on, in accordance with Article 41 of the Military Law, we will exercise autonomous judgment and transfer command authority as requested by Viscount Yandel for the survival of the battalion."

"Ah..."

As I belatedly grasped the situation, I felt my strength drain away.

I had even been planning to use my title to crush any resistance.

ГўВҖВҳDid he just need a justification...?ГўВҖВҷ

Now I see I was just shadowboxing by myself.

"You are just as I have heard. It is embarrassing, but I entrust myself and my unit to you. We will never be a burden or fail to pull our own weight."

"Well... to be honest, I'm not worried about you being a burden... but are you really okay with this?"

At my question, the man tilted his head.

"You ask a strange question. Anyone who lives in Rafdonia knows. If something happens in this Labyrinth, there is no one more trustworthy than you."

Uh... what should I say to this?

In this unexpected situation, hearing such direct praise from him felt a bit awkward.

Besides, it felt wrong to treat him carelessly like before.

'What the, turns out he's a pretty decent guy?' I thought...

'This bastard, could he have been aiming for this?'

The Third Royal Knight Division, Fourth Company Commander Saul Andreakora.

He was truly a man with fearsome social skills.

I must never let my guard down.

"Alright, as long as you don't cause any trouble, I promise I will take responsibility for you and look after you without discrimination."

"That is sufficient."

"Armin!"

Having decided to accept the group of Knights, I handed them over to Armin.

Armin, as if accustomed to it, completed their background checks and proceeded with the tutorial.

ГўВҖВҳ...

Somehow, the number of people has grown immensely again.ГўВҖВҷ

From the fourth Wave, 13 people died, leaving 26 of the original members.

To that, add the 14 survivors found by the search party.

On top of that, the final group of Knights numbered 22 in total.

It was a group of nineteen Knights mixed with a total of three rescued survivors, like the Guild Master.

'A total of 62 people...

At this point, it's safe to say we've reached our maximum capacity.

If any more people join, we'll run out of space.'

ГўВҖВҳThis feels a bit bewildering.ГўВҖВҷ

Just a little while ago, I was most worried about having too few people.

But what about now?

I merely sent out a search party, had a good sleep, and woke up to find our numbers had exploded to the point where we couldn't take anyone else.

That's why I felt extremely strange.

'Things are suddenly going this... well...?'

A sense of unease bloomed for some reason.

Of course, since the last Wave was incredibly difficult, it could be that a little luck is on our side this time.

But...

'Still, something feels off.'

I have a habit where my heart races and my breathing quickens the better things go.

So I checked everything over once more.

Just in case I missed anything.

I scanned the roster Armin made to check if a Hans had secretly infiltrated, and then I spoke with the newcomers to hear their stories.

What had happened to them to survive until now.

Whether they had seen anything strange along the way.

It was an action taken to gain even a little peace of mind, but as I went around listening to their stories, I made an unexpected discovery.

"When the Collapse began, you were on Arps Island...?"

"That is correct."

Listening to Company Commander Saul's story, I found myself frowning without realizing it.

The reason was very simple.

The Royal Army had even announced they would occupy three islands where Magic Stone farming was good.

"Arps Island isn't exactly a good place for gathering Magic Stones, is it?"

"I do not know the detailed circumstances myself. In the first place, things started happening not long after we moved."

Saul said they were lucky, nonetheless.

After all, Arps Island was one of the few islands unaffected even after the Lord of Tears was summoned.

'This doesn't feel like a coincidence at all...'

With that thought, I asked Saul for more details about various things.

At first, Saul seemed reluctant to speak in depth about internal military affairs, but when I pressed him with my title of Viscount, he eventually relented and answered faithfully.

And the result.

"Hmm...?"

From entering the Labyrinth to the moment the Collapse occurred.

I was able to grasp the general movements of the Royal Army.

Initially, the Royal Army had moved according to plan.

The nearly 1,700 soldiers of the Royal Army split into three groups, occupied three islands, and began farming Magic Stones.

But...

"An order suddenly came down? To move to Arps Island?"

"... That is correct."

"And you don't know where the military units stationed on the other two islands went?"

"I have not heard anything separately about the other units. However, would they not have remained there?"

No, that's definitely not it.

I remember the resentful cry someone shouted when the Lord of Tears was summoned and they were swept away by the waves to the center.

[Royal Army! Where in the world is the Royal Army!! If a situation like this breaks out, you should come find us!!]

There wasn't a single Royal warship there.

'They were probably on a safe island.

Just like the group this Saul guy belonged to.'

Just in time, by chance, coincidentally.

The circumstances were hard to accept with such words.

In fact, at this point, I might as well confirm it.

I don't know what they were aiming for by pulling something like this, but...

'It wasn't that bastard, Lee Baekho.'

The one who summoned the Lord of Tears was the Royal Army.

***

The Royal Family summoned the Sixth Floor Lord.

Why?

For what reason?

What benefit did they hope to gain by summoning that monster?

Unfortunately, I wasn't given time to ponder the matter deeply.

The stabilization period had already ended.

Zzzzzzt!

The empty air split with a familiar tearing sound.

Still, most were awake and preparing, so the response was swift.

"Everyone, get into formation!"

"The Collapse is starting!!"

The Explorers moved inside the pre-drawn lines to form a tight formation, lest they get left behind.

"Hoo..."

I too stood in my designated position.

And...

FlashГўВҖВ”!

The fifth Wave began with a flash before my eyes.

'It's already the fifth...

A Dimensional Collapse usually ends after about the seventh Wave, so if we're lucky, we only have to endure about two more times before we can leave this damn Labyrinth and return to the city.'

Well, as I said, that's if we're lucky.

"Still, we've come a long way."

It's not like the end is in sight, but we've at least reached a stage where we can start imagining it.

Therefore...

"BehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaaaah!!"

To survive today, I once again muster my strength and let out a roar.

The starting point for this Wave was one of the Eighth-Floor rifts, the 'Frost LordГўВҖВҷs Palace'.

The creatures that appeared had a high average Rank, and it was a region with tricky Field Effects, but there was still a positive aspect.

Isn't there a saying that it's better to get the beating over with first?

It's better for it to come early than when the monsters have piled up and we're low on stamina.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Frost Wraith.

EXP +7ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Frozen Knight.

EXP +6ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Ice Spire.

EXP +7ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Ice Ogre...ГЈВҖВҚ

[...]

High-Rank creatures poured out, but they were immediately cleared away, and experience points piled up.

A large group of over 60 people.

Above all, the addition of the group of Knights who could use Aura was decisive.

The addition of 19 Knights was practically the same as adding 19 high-damage dealers.

Shhhk!

Aura that sliced through monsters over Rank 4 like tofu.

Moreover, the Knights weren't just good at dealing damage.

As is the case with most Knights, since their damage can be covered by the cheat-like skill called 'Aura,' they fill in their weaknesses with defensive Essences and heavily armed armor.

Simply put, they could function as off-tanks.

'If I had to point out a weakness, it would be that high defense often means they're slow...?'

That too didn't really matter much right now.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has cast [Dragon Fear].ГЈВҖВҚ

A single roar could stun a wide area.

The Knights just had to cut into the meal set before them.

Zzzzzzzzt!

Oh, what, it's already over?

The first field ended far more easily than I had worried.

There was no boss suddenly popping out like in the Red Dragon's Sanctum, and the number of monsters that followed us to the next field was very small.

In fact, we had dealt with them all as they appeared...

"Hoo... this time it's the Ninth Floor?"

The second field was even trickier than the last.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Dragonbone Mountain has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢStatus Effect [DragonГўВҖВҷs Curse] has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance value has decreased by 50%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢOne random Essence has been sealed.ГЈВҖВҚ

I quickly checked and saw that [Soul Dive] couldn't be used.

Thus, the passive [Primordial Cell] must have been turned OFF as well.

"This, what is this... it's like an army is charging at us!"

"Block them!"

In the second field, monsters poured out from all directions the moment we opened our eyes.

In fact, their numbers were greater than any field we had been to so far.

Well, Dragonbone Mountain was a field characterized by an overwhelming number of creatures.

'Still, the matchup is good for us.'

Our area-of-effect firepower isn't bad either.

ГЈВҖВҢArmin has summoned [Spirit Suicide Bombers].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢArmin has summoned [Spirit Suicide Bomb...ГЈВҖВҚ

Even more so if the opponents are Undead.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has used [Wild Surge].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢInflicts damage to all Undead within the radius.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Torch of Banishment].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the performance continues, the resistance values of all Undead within range are significantly reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ

We held on, exploding and crushing the swarming enemies as if defending a castle.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Lich.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Dark Knight.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Bone Drake.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Skeleton Kinghelm.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Zombie Lord...ГЈВҖВҚ

In the midst of that, there was an incident where three Rank 2 monsters appeared simultaneously, but...

One was sent out of bounds by a Special Mage's teleportation magic.

Another was intercepted by a focused attack from Ainar and a Knight.

I took on the last one, holding it in place, and after the other one was dealt with, we ganged up on it and finished it off.

Ah, none of the three dropped an Essence.

And...

Zzzzzzt!

The early part passed without incident, despite starting with a Ninth Floor field in an Eighth-Floor rift.

The next part wasn't much different.

Zzzzzzzzt!

The fields kept changing.

Accordingly, various Field Effects and new monsters appeared.

"Aaaaaaaaargh!!!"

Fatigue built up again, and the monsters we couldn't handle piled up around us, but...

In the end, the fifth Wave also ended safely.

That's not to say there were no casualties.

"Confirmed deaths are three. The current total number of survivors is fifty-nine!"

It was a Wave I thought we had handled well without any major risks, but three people still lost their lives.

Their deaths weren't particularly incomprehensible.

In the Labyrinth, a single small mistake can take your life.

The fact that only this many died amidst a chaotic battle with Rank 3 and Rank 4 monsters pouring out was proof of how well we had endured this Wave.

'The field luck wasn't on our side this time...'

Was it a side effect of our increased numbers and improved combat power?

The difficulty of this Wave, in absolute terms, was quite high.

Even the location for the stabilization period was not good.

Prime Land.

A field located in the center of the Grave of Stars on the Ninth Floor.

"What will you do?"

"We'll skip the search. It's not like we're short on people, and the chance of not returning from a search is high."

"Yes, I understand."

"And increase the number on night watch. The monsters that appear here will most likely break through [Evil-Banishing Proclamation]."

"I will handle it as you've said."

"Ah, and... call the Priest too."

"Yes."

As we did during every stabilization period, we called the Priest and lit a fire.

There were no sobbing people like last time.

That's because the three who died this time were all people who had joined alone after being separated from their original groups.

There was no one around who had a particular connection to them.

But still, we all gathered and observed a moment of silence before the blazing fire.

"Grant them mercy, warmly embrace and guide their souls, and give rest to the weary."

The time when the fifth Wave ended.

I thought before the blazing flames.

Fwoosh!

I wonder how many more times we will have to light a fire.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 847 ---

Chapter 847: Wave (5)

Ground.

We spent the fifth stabilization period in a primeval land.

Other than constantly fighting off monsters that approached our camp, nothing else of note occurred.

We did not send out a search party, and unlike the group of knights from before, no survivors came looking for us on their own.

Zzzzzzzzt!

And so, the sixth wave began.

Starting in a good field, the Second Floor's Land of the Dead, we fought off the flood of monsters as we were continuously transferred from place to place.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңFour dead! The current number of survivors is 55!ГўВҖВқ

The wave ended, leaving four dead.

The overall difficulty seemed lower than the previous wave, yet we ended up with one more casualty.

It was hard to say it was just bad luckГўВҖВҰ

Everyone was probably just exhausted.

For days, we had been going through this Dimensional Collapse, repeating the cycle of sleeping and fighting, sleeping and fighting.

ГўВҖВңWhat will you do this time?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe will search. We have lost a fair number of people.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUnderstood.ГўВҖВқ

I formed a search party during the stabilization period, but in the end, we could not find any other survivors.

Of course, we could not find Misha either.

ГўВҖВҳThis kidГўВҖВҰ where on earth is she?ГўВҖВҷ

Please, I hope she has found a decent group and is holding on safely.

Paranoid anxiety flared up, but I forced it down each time.

Because there was nothing else I could do right now.

Zzzzzzzzzzt!

And so, the seventh wave began.

All in all, it was a wave filled with all sorts of incidents and accidents.

But setting all that aside and just looking at the resultГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңTwelve dead... The total number of survivors is 43!ГўВҖВқ

How devastating.

It was the highest number of casualties since the fourth wave, where we lost a total of thirteen people.

Fwoosh!

There was less sobbing at this fire.

No, it was definitely there, and the depth of the emotion did not feel any less than before.

However, the sobbing did not last long.

Because the living must go on living.

In the face of the great imperative of survival, all other values are reduced to luxuries.

As soon as the hollowly burning fire died down, a silence fell.

That was how difficult this round had been.

This time, we did not even form a search party, and as expected, no other survivors came to us by the time we woke up.

The same went for Misha.

Time passed with everyone sleeping like the living dead until the stabilization period ended, and the wave began once again.

Zzzzzzzzt!

Before we knew it, we had reached the eighth wave.

There were no more powerful cheers to overcome it, no more childish complaints about wanting to go home.

Utterly exhausted, they simply and silently took their positions, raised their weapons, and prepared for battle the moment the wave began.

When on earth will this goddamn collapse end?

I am not asking for much.

I just hope it ends before the tenth wave.

I was half-zoned out, doing what I had to do like a machine, when I suddenly came to my senses and found my surroundings were quiet.

At some point, the monsters nearby had vanished, leaving only a pile of magic stones.

Come to think of it, a lot of time seemed to have passed since the last transferГўВҖВҰ

Thump, clatterГўВҖВҰ

A stone I tossed indifferently flew far away and rolled weakly.

It meant the eighth wave was over.

But I was not exactly happy about it.

ГўВҖВҳSo it did not end this time either.ГўВҖВҷ

Only after seeing me throw the stone did the survivors realize the wave was over.

They each lowered their weapons and collapsed to the ground.

If I had my way, I would have sprawled on the ground just like them, but...

Trudge.

Before that, I had to check this first.

ГўВҖВңArmin, current headcount?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThree deadГўВҖВҰ The total number of survivors is 40!ГўВҖВқ

Right, so three more died this time.

We did not even encounter any Rank 2 monsters, and our luck with the fields was good, so I had been secretly hopeful.

ГўВҖВҳTheir physical exhaustion must be the main reasonГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

No matter how many breaks we get, a series of grueling battles like this is bound to take a toll on the body.

Not to mention the mental strain.

Even the mages, who used to start meditating to refill their MP the moment a stabilization period began, were now collapsing as if fainting after each wave.

ГўВҖВңAn axe! No, any blunt weapon will do! Do you have anything usable?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMy wrist guard broke this timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

In fact, so many peopleГўВҖВҷs gear was broken that we had to resort to sharing spare equipment so that those in need could use it.

Even so, there was not enough gear.

ГўВҖВңWe will prepareГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The priests, now all too familiar with this process, began preparing for the funeral without me having to say a word.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Fwoosh!

A hollow flame, rising for who knows how many times now.

The priests recited prayers much like before, and the exhausted survivors attended for a short while, staying until the end.

Once the process was over, everyone expertly laid down their sleeping spots and began to rest.

ГўВҖВңI will form a search party. Please get some rest.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, there is no need.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon? Ah, do not tell me you are going yourselfГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat is not it. We will not be doing any searching this time.ГўВҖВқ

At my words, Armin tilted his head as if he did not understand.

It was not that I could not understand his confusion.

Our numbers, once over sixty, had already dwindled significantly, and there was no telling when the Dimensional Collapse would end.

We had even skipped the search during the last stabilization period because we were too tired.

Thinking rationally, a search was absolutely necessary.

The only problem wasГўВҖВҰ that we happened to be in the Great Demon Realm.

The place where we were to spend our eighth stabilization period was none other than the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

This was the floor where the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, was last seen.

***

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

When I explored the entire Labyrinth through the Spirit Gate, it was in the middle of the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.

Somehow, it had moved on to Phase 4 without a single scratch, and its surroundings were littered with the skeletal corpses of explorers.

Despite being in Spirit Form at the time, there was an incident where I made eye contact with it... but that is not important, so I will skip it.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

My heart pounded with a low thrum.

ГўВҖВҳI wonder if it is still here?ГўВҖВҷ

Well, I am not sure.

We have been through several waves, so it would not be strange if it had been dropped somewhere else by now.

But I just could not be certain.

[It is not the entire Labyrinth that is collapsing, but merely the space around us.

As if the Labyrinth is trying to expel intruders.]

If the Special MageГўВҖВҷs hypothesis is correct, then monsters are only caught up in the ГўВҖВҳtransferГўВҖВҷ phenomenon if there are explorers nearby.

Therefore, there is a chance it is still here.

For instance, if it has not encountered any other explorers since then.

Or perhaps it killed everyone on sight, so it never had a chance to experience a ГўВҖВҳtransferГўВҖВҷ.

That is a definite possibility.

ГўВҖВҳPlease, let this just be a baseless fearГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I know.

Looking at the situation with nothing but hope only leads to greater despair.

That is precisely why I did not form a search party.

It was a kind of hunkering down strategy, I suppose.

I decided it was wiser to minimize outside activity until the stabilization period was over, rather than risk wandering around and running into it.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWould you like some?ГўВҖВқ

Just then, a strange hand holding jerky appeared at the edge of my vision.

When I turned my head to see who it was, it was a completely unexpected person.

ГўВҖВңYou areГўВҖВҰ Kevron?ГўВҖВқ

The Vice-Captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan.

Ah, now that the former captain is dead, should I call him Captain?

Anyway, that is not important.

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ I do not think I have seen you eat much.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳWhat is this?ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВҳDid he mix some potent poison into the jerky?ГўВҖВҷ

To be honest, this situation was too strange to accept as a pure act of goodwill.

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ I apologize if I disturbed your restГўВҖВҰ I will be on my wayГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, I will eat it.ГўВҖВқ

I snatched the jerky from his hand, stuffed it in my mouth, and chewed vigorously.

But what was this?

I was tasting something that should not be in jerky.

ГўВҖВңStrawberry flavorГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt is popular among explorers these daysГўВҖВҰ Is this your first time trying it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAll sorts of strange things become popular, I see.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, I think it tastes strange too.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen why did you buy this crap?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ perhaps because I absolutely hate the feeling of being left behind.ГўВҖВқ

An unexpectedly serious answer.

I did not have anything to say, so I just kept chewing the jerky.

Chomp, chomp.

Whew, eating something seemed to be relieving some stress.

ГўВҖВңSo, what do you want?ГўВҖВқ

When I got to the point, the vice-captain made a strange expression.

ГўВҖВңI do not really have any business with you. It is just that I noticed you have not eaten yetГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳDamn, this guy sounds like he is being sincere.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңHaaahГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I do not know if he knew, but I have a bit of a weakness for these kinds of situations.

So I just brusquely changed the subject.

A topic that might be uncomfortable for him.

ГўВҖВңHow many are left?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThere are seven of us left now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that so? A lot of you have died.ГўВҖВқ

To my words, which could have sounded indifferent, he simply replied in a self-deprecating manner.

ГўВҖВңYes, soon we will be small enough to be called a team instead of a clan.ГўВҖВқ

Agh, seriouslyГўВҖВҰ why did this guy suddenly come over here and act like this?

An uncomfortable feeling kept creeping up on me.

It was so uncomfortable that I felt like I might say something even harsher without meaning to.

I was barely holding myself back, telling myself not to go that far.

ГўВҖВңNot particularlyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

he said, as if spitting out the words.

ГўВҖВңI am not particularly resentful. Not me, not anyone else.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat are you talking about? What does it matter to me how many of you die?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIndeed, you are absolutely right. We are in a position where we should be grateful.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUnlike what you said at first, Viscount, you did not treat us like expendables. You did keep us separate, but you stopped doing that after the next collapse.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰArmin must have done it on his own.ГўВҖВқ

At my mumble, the vice-captain showed a complicated smile.

ГўВҖВңAt first, we also thought that Mr. Armin had modified the formation out of consideration for us so we could move together. ButГўВҖВҰ we heard that you gave the order yourself, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳAgh, how did they find that out? I doubt Armin told themГўВҖВҰ But I guess questioning it now is ridiculousГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңSo what is it you are trying to say?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTruthfully, even without such consideration, we would not have resented you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause as long as one has eyes and ears, no one here can deny it. That you are the one who has worked harder than anyone else to keep us alive.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҳUhГўВҖВҰ Thanks for the words, but.ГўВҖВҷ

Honestly, at this point, I was starting to wonder if he was mocking me.

So I just casually changed the subject again.

ГўВҖВңWell, it is not so bad once you get chewingГўВҖВҰ but I still think original jerky is much better.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI think so too.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo we do agree on something. Anyway, next time you come, bring the normal kind.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, please rest well.ГўВҖВқ

And with that, the conversation ended as the vice-captain gave a polite bow and took his leave.

After eating something, I started to feel sleepy, so I also lay down wherever and tried to sleep.

And soГўВҖВҰ one hour, two hours, three hours, four hoursГўВҖВҰ

How much time had passed?

ГўВҖВңViscount. ...!!ГўВҖВқ

I woke up with a start at the urgent call.

I thought for a moment the Lord of Tears had appeared, but thankfully, that was not the case.

We had simply encountered some uninvited guests.

ГўВҖВңIt is a group of about 50 survivors! Their leader, ГўВҖВҳGolden Ghost,ГўВҖВҷ isГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 848 ---

Chapter 848: Wave (6)

Golden Ghost.

A member of the Seven Peaks, whom I met on Skull Island during this round of exploration, leading to a rather ill-fated connection.

The notable point is that 'Bear Uncle' is 'presumed' to be bound by a slave contract and exploited by that clan.

'But to meet that fellow here...'

Of course, it must be a coincidence.

After all, I don't even know where I'll be in just a few hours.

This isn't an environment where I can just go and find someone because I want to.

Just as it was for me.

'The Misha or Anabada Clan I wanted to see don't show up...?'

Leaving my disappointment behind, I head in the direction where the survivors are stirring.

Honestly, the name Golden Ghost has a negative image, but I should at least meet him first.

I don't know what kind of news I might hear.

"Ah! You've arrived, Viscount."

"What do I need to know?"

"There's nothing other than what I've already told you. He said he wouldn't speak to anyone but you, Viscount."

"Is that so?"

I pushed past Armin and stepped forward.

And I saw the Golden Ghost fellow in front of me.

The man was waiting for me quietly, having led an even larger group than ours as if to show off his numbers.

"We've been seeing each other often lately, haven't we?"

I didn't bother mentioning that he had tailed me on Skull Island.

Without physical evidence, bringing it up would just be a waste of time.

"Indeed. It seems I am fated to have a connection with you, Viscount."

"So, you were looking for me?"

"There are many listening ears. How about we both have our people step back?"

"Fine."

Afterward, I had my group move back as he suggested, and he did the same.

However, as if that wasn't enough, he took out a Magical Tool from his coat and activated it.

It was a design I'd never seen before, but I didn't need to ask what kind of Magical Tool it was.

It was obviously a Magical Tool for noise control.

"Looking at you, you seem to really like secrets."

"Haha, I prefer to call it being cautious."

"So? If there's nothing else, spit it out."

We weren't close enough to make small talk, so I quickly got to the point, and he, knowing my personality, revealed his intentions bluntly.

"I will hand over Abman Urikfrit."

What's his game?

On Skull Island, he'd adamantly refused when I tried to take Bear Uncle, even at the cost of a huge loss.

"We will even tear up the contract he has with our clan, making it a clean break. How about it?"

So I wouldn't even have to pay off Bear Uncle's debt...

The moment I heard the offer, my nerves grew sharper than usual.

A deal that's unilaterally good for one side is nothing but a scam.

"What are the conditions?"

"Just give me twenty people of Third-Rank or higher. It's fine if a few Fourth-Rank Explorers are mixed in."

For a moment, my mind went blank, and it took me a while to grasp the point of his words.

"?"

What kind of madman is this?

"I refuse. In the first place, it's not like I can send them just because I tell them to go."

When I flatly refused without much thought, he merely smacked his lips.

"Hmm, that is true."

As if he had expected my refusal, the man nonchalantly brought up a new offer.

"Then how about this? We will join Viscount Yandel's group. Ah, of course, the condition of tearing up Abman Urikfrit's contract remains the same."

"You're saying you'll give me command authority?"

"Not entirely... How about something like... collaborators? It's clear we're both in a tough spot."

"Sorry, but if you join, our numbers will be too large. I'll only take up to twenty people."

"Hmm, that's difficult. They are all people who have contracts with me, so abandoning them recklessly would be a great loss."

"Then our conversation ends here."

"No, not at all."

Golden Ghost then shook his head and looked at me.

Looking into his eyes, I could tell instinctively.

The previous offers were all bait, and what he was about to say now was the real point.

"Isn't the real charm of a deal in finding a middle ground through mutual compromise?"

I just stared at his smirking face without replying, and he, perhaps feeling awkward, stopped smiling and continued.

"After experiencing the Collapse, I personally think the appropriate number of people is up to seventy. Any more than that, and they just get in the way instead of helping."

"So?"

"I'll also make a concession and reduce my current group of fifty-six to forty. So, how about you, Viscount, also reduce your numbers to about thirty?"

So, this was it.

I was wondering what he was going to say.

"You're telling me to abandon my people? To make room for yours?"

"I'm saying we should cull the herd and keep only the good ones. To increase our chances of survival."

"Do you think that makes any sense?"

"Why wouldn't it?"

The Golden Ghost fellow spoke as if he genuinely didn't understand.

"Do you owe them a debt, Viscount? Or do you have some obligation to save them? Why on earth are you letting personal feelings get in the way in this situation? Are you worried about your reputation later?"

Personal feelings...

While I felt a strong repulsion to his suggestion, a part of me also found myself somewhat convinced by Golden Ghost's words.

Logically speaking, doing as he said would indeed increase our chances of survival.

"Think about it. What if the roles were reversed? If abandoning you alone, Viscount, would increase their chances of survival, what choice do you think they would make?"

I had no particular rebuttal to that either.

I, too, am the type of person who doesn't blindly believe in the intangible value of 'humanity'.

No, to be precise, I'm the type who doesn't consider humanity itself to be all that noble.

In fact, in some ways, I think the choice Golden Ghost mentioned is more human.

The will to survive is an instinct, after all.

In the face of survival, the line between good and evil is bound to blur.

"Besides, I'm just saying we should thin the herd, not that we should openly abandon them. We just need to adjust the formation a little. If we place the useless ones on the outside, they'll disappear on their own before the next Collapse is over. There'll be no need to tarnish your reputation, Viscount."

"..."

"Even if they were to learn the truth, who would blame you, Viscount? The ones who were left behind might, but those who survived would surely be grateful for your decision."

There was a strange power in the Golden Ghost fellow's words.

It was as if he understood the true nature of humanity perfectly and was using that as a basis for persuasion.

'Tsk, for a guy who looks like a swindler, he sure talks well.'

Even though a guy I disliked was saying things I disliked, I still found myself agreeing with some parts.

Ah, but of course, that didn't mean my answer would change.

"I refuse."

I had already finished contemplating that part long ago.

"...?"

He tilted his head as if he had misheard.

So I told him one more time.

"I said I refuse, didn't you hear me? You should clean your ears."

"... I don't understand. I was aware you had a special relationship with Abman Urikfrit."

"And?"

"Hah... I really don't get it. I can't tell if you're affectionate or not, Viscount. You throw away old comrades like worn-out shoes, yet you prioritize these people you've only just met."

What's this bastard talking about?

Since his persuasion didn't work, he immediately attacks the messenger.

I asked one last thing.

"Do you like the left, or the right?"

"... Left, or right? What are you talking about so suddenlyГўВҖВ”."

Time's up.

"Just take both."

I swung the Shield in my left hand and the Warhammer in my right, striking his face with both at the same time.

Hmm, the skill name...

'Barbarian Burger.'

Yes, that should be good.

CRUNCH!

The physical energy delivered from both sides crushed his face like clay, his mouth stretching forward.

"Wh-what is this...!"

He had taken damage from the unexpected attack, but was it not enough to stun him?

Just as he was coming to his senses and trying to create distance.

"Where do you think you're going?"

I swiftly reached out and grabbed him by the collar.

"What are you doing...!"

But even in that situation, he still asked for a reason, as if he couldn't understand.

I shrugged and replied.

"It's just as you see."

The Golden Ghost fellow had smugly given me choices, but unfortunately for him, he picked the wrong person.

No, should I say he picked the wrong timing?

It might have been different back in my days as a weakling Barbarian.

"I'm sick and tired of choosing now."

The hero of the city, known as the Giant.

The Chief of the Barbarian Tribe.

A titled noble of Rafdonia.

"You choose."

I'm not the one who chooses anymore.

"Whether you'll die here, or follow my proposal."

I'm the one who gives the choices.

***

Does he not understand the current situation at all?

The Golden Ghost fellow stares at me with a dazed expression.

But, as befitting someone with a quick mind, did he finally conclude that a 'deal was impossible'?

Swish.

He pulls a Magical Tool from his coat.

It seems he plans to turn off the 'noise control' and call for his comrades' help...

I didn't physically stop him.

I just gave him a short piece of advice.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you."

"?"

"The moment they can hear, I'm going to make them an offer. To abandon you and join me."

"Do you think that will work! They have a contract with meГўВҖВ”!"

"Ah, and I'll also tell them not to worry, because I, Bjorn son of Yandel, will take full responsibility for whatever contract they have once we return to the city."

"......!"

"Think about it. What choice do you think they'll make?"

The Golden Ghost fellow didn't answer.

He knew it himself.

That when that time came, they would discard him like a worn-out shoe.

Thud.

I released my grip, and he collapsed to the ground.

Golden Ghost sent a signal to his group, who seemed to be hesitating on whether to come and help, indicating that everything was fine.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

"... What do you want?"

His attitude softened, as if he had realized the situation had completely turned around.

At this point, it was safe to say the negotiations were basically over, and all that was left was to sign.

"Abman Urikfrit. Just as you said, with that strange slave contract torn up."

"Really... will that be enough?"

"Oh, were you hoping I'd demand something more?"

"... I will hand him over."

Oh, he's cooler about it than I thought.

"Just in case, it would be best not to go to the city and claim this was an unfair contract made under duress. When it comes to the law, I have many friends who can help me out."

"..."

What, seeing him suddenly shut his mouth, it seems he was really planning to do that.

"The original contract is stored in the city. I will give you this oath instead. Since it has my official seal, it will have sufficient legal force. Urikfrit... I will send him over as soon as we return."

The Golden Ghost fellow then handed me an oath nullifying his contract with Bear Uncle, and with that, all negotiations were concluded.

"It was a good deal."

I offered a closing remark, but the Golden Ghost fellow turned his back sharply, as if he didn't even want to associate with me.

However, was there something he just couldn't bear not to ask?

Thud.

Suddenly stopping, he turns back to me and asks.

"Why...?"

"Will it kill you to add a subject?"

"Why were you satisfied with just Abman Urikfrit? I wasn't in a position to refuse even if you had demanded more."

"Ah, that? Well, that's true."

To put it bluntly, even if I had demanded twenty people and told him to get lost, this guy would have had to swallow his tears and accept.

If the roles were reversed, this Golden Ghost fellow would have surely exploited the situation much more viciously.

But I just chuckled and said.

"What you did was pretty despicable, but I've decided to think of it as you just using your head to survive."

"..."

"Ah, of course, I do think your methods are wrong. Isn't it because you live like that, that you're helpless and floundering in the face of a threat like this?"

It might sound a bit preachy, but enlightening the ignorant masses should also be a noble's duty.

"So from now on, try to live a good life. Huh? I didn't know it either, but if you keep doing good deeds, it comes back to you someday."

"..."

Huh, has this guy got honey in his mouth or something?

I'm taking the time to give him good advice.

"Answer."

"..."

"Hey?"

Only after I embarrassingly had to repeat myself did his mouth finally open.

"... You are the one who is wrong."

"Oh?"

"Someday... when time passes, we will see. Who among us was right. After all, it's a world where whoever survives is correct."

Tsk, defiant to the very end.

It's a shame as a Viscount of Rafdonia, but it seems enlightening that fellow will be difficult.

Well, with some physical therapy, he might show temporary improvement.

'But why bother?'

I couldn't find a reason to stop him as he finished what he had to say and turned his back again.

For me, it's over once I get Bear Uncle back.

I have no reason to get involved with that guyГўВҖВ”

"Ah, right. Wait a minute."

A sudden question came to mind, and I stopped him as he was leaving and asked.

"By the way, what is your name anyway?"

"Kuk... You didn't even know my name?"

"No, not Bill Ironred. Your name before you changed it. I... heard it was a very common name."

"... What is your intention in asking?"

"Hah, if I just ask, why don't you just answer?"

As I glared at him fiercely, he let out a deep sigh and answered.

"Hans."

"What?"

"My old name. It's Hans Ironred. Are you satisfied?"

Uh... no, wait a minute.

So...

"Really...? Swear on your mother, is it really Hans?"

At my question, which sought to deny this terrible reality, he trembled as if insulted and turned his back, as if not wanting to speak another word.

I stared blankly at his retreating back.

Hans P.

That guy is Hans P.

That fact torments me more than anything.

'So I've been lecturing a Hans about living a good life and all that?'

How could such a disastrous situation exist?

Even a psychopathic farmer who feeds his hens omelets wouldn't do something this psychopathic.

'I should have just killed him on the spot!'

Maybe it's not too late even now?

Just as that thought caused me to unconsciously tighten my grip on my warhammer.

Drip-

An ominous change is detected.

Even though this place, the Great Demon Realm, is not a field where it rains.

Drip-drip-

Water droplets are falling to the ground.

As if it's about to rain at any moment.

Continuously.

Drip-drip-drip.

Heavy drops of water drench the ground.

Seeing the droplets bubble and boil, I finished assessing the situation.

TssssssssssssГўВҖВ”!

Oh, fuck.

"Prepare for battle!!!"

It was already too late.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 849 ---

Chapter 849:  Wave (7)

It began with a few drops of acid rain, and then numerous strange events were observed all around.

First, it started with...

Chiiiiik!

Where the droplets fell and bubbles frothed, a bizarrely shaped flower grew.

AndГўВҖВҰ

--!!

It let out a strange sound, difficult to describe.

The sound was not pleasant, but it clearly had a melody.

It felt somewhat sorrowful, like the sobbing of a beast that had forgotten language.

Well, that was just my personal impression.

Anyway.

!

An eerie melody that sounded like a compilation of noises, like nails scratching a chalkboard or the screech of metal.

That melody spread like the background music of a horror movie, and in an instant, goosebumps covered my entire body.

I had heard a similar melody before.

Not in reality, but in the game.

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ why areГўВҖВҰ tearsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

After the bizarre melody began, I even saw a survivor who suddenly started crying.

He was flustered by the unexplainable phenomenon, but I was just scared.

Because I knew what it meant.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character is within the range of [Despair].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe status effect 'Sorrow' has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

I had entered the range of its passive skill.

However, I could not see the fog yet.

Simply put, it meant the Lord of Tears was not right nearby, butГўВҖВҰ

"What is this flower...?"

"Don't touch it!"

I had not given any specific order, but the explorers did not act rashly upon seeing the suddenly bloomed flowers.

No, rather, they were on high alert and kept their distance.

Because they were skilled explorers.

The unknown is something to be feared before being marveled at.

And in reality, that action was the right answer.

Because those flowers explode if you touch them.

"Viscount! What in the world is coming?"

"The Lord of Tears..."

The moment I answered Armin's question, curses erupted from the mouths of the other survivors who were listening to me.

"... Damn it! No wonder I had a bad feeling!"

"Damn it, a Floor Lord has to show up now! Just when I thought we could finally rest."

"Th-then are we fighting that thingГўВҖВҰ? I've never even seen a Floor Lord before..."

The survivors, tense at the news of the strongest foe yet, scanned their surroundings.

I quickly made a decision.

I had reflexively shouted to prepare for battle the moment I saw the acid rain, but the situation was not that urgent yet.

'We haven't completely run into it yet.'

If we were lucky, we might be able to avoid it.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

"Everyone, into a travel formation! As soon as you're ready, follow me! Be careful not to touch or step on the flowers, they'll explode!"

As I was giving orders, that guy from the Golden Ghost Clan, who was standing awkwardly beside me, suddenly came into view.

Ah, right, he was here too.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and hand over Urikfrit and get lost."

"Uh... uh..."

"Can't you hear me?"

"I-I'll bring him right away."

Was it because of my sharp tone, so different from before?

After a moment of confusion, the guy quickly headed towards his group and soon returned with the Bear Uncle.

"You've probably heard the gist of it, right?"

"Ah, uh... I heard... but will it be okay?"

"What's not to be okay? Come on, Urakburak."

"I'm in your debt again."

The Bear Uncle looked completely dispirited, but there was no time to console him.

"The situation suddenly became chaotic, so I can't talk for long. Follow Armin here. The rear guard is all over there."

"... Alright."

By entrusting the Bear Uncle to Armin, I was ready to move immediately.

However, the problem wasГўВҖВҰ

"You're still here? What are you doing?"

Why is this bastard still here?

"Your attitude has suddenly changed so muchГўВҖВ”."

Isn't that obvious?

Now that I knew this bastard was a Hans, there was no way I could say anything nice.

Of course, I had no intention of explaining the circumstances.

I did not want to waste any more words on him.

"Tch, what bad luck. Scram!"

I quickly shooed him away, and he returned to his group with a bewildered expression, pushed from behind.

ГӮВ·You're more petty than I thought.

Whatever.

Does he think I'm upset because of our last conversation?

"Sigh... Forget it, just hurry up and go. No, never mind. We're leaving, so just get out of the way."

So, my conversation with Hans ended there.

He seemed to have more to say, but I started moving before Hans could ask anything else.

Soon, I could hear the tired breathing of the survivors who had not rested properly after finishing the wave, but I paid them no mind.

I judged that this was a hundred times better than fighting a Floor Lord, no matter what.

But...

Drip, dripГўВҖВ”

Even after moving quite a distance, a few droplets were still falling.

"D-damn it! The tears just keep coming...!"

The status effect on the explorer, who was crying as if a faucet had been turned on, showed no signs of lifting.

It was truly strange.

We should have put a considerable distance between us and the Lord of Tears by now.

'Is it following usГўВҖВҰ'

As that conclusion naturally formed in my mind, I unknowingly checked behind me.

"'ГўВҖВ”...?"

Did I see that wrong?

Behind my main force, I saw a group following us at a distance.

Looking closer, it was none other than the Golden Ghost Clan.

No, it was Hans P and his evil followers.

"Son of a, bitch...!"

A curse escaped my lips the moment I saw them.

'What the hell are they doing?'

I told them to get lost, so why are they following us?

I wanted to chase them away immediately, but arguing about whether they should follow or not felt like a waste of time.

So, I was about to just focus on moving.

'Could it be because of those bastards...?'

That thought suddenly occurred to me.

As long as that Hans bastard was following us, we might not be able to shake off the Lord of Tears no matter how fast we ran.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

'Even now.'

I should make sure that Hans bastard can't follow us.

With that in mind, I turned around and headed to the rear.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"How long are you going to followГўВҖВ”"

The moment I was about to say something to the shameless freeloader Hans P.

"Huh...?"

Another group was visible behind Hans and his followers.

A group of seven, with desperate expressions, panting for breath as if being chased by something.

They spotted us and shouted something.

Not a plea for rescue or help.

"G-get out of the way!"

"Hurry up and go!"

Soon, a pure white fog appeared behind them.

A fog so dense that you could not see an inch in front of you the moment you entered it.

But despite that, something was clearly visible.

Two points of light were shining from deep within it.

Hwoong~!

A pair of glowing blue eyes, flickering like a will-o'-the-wisp.

The feeling of our eyes meeting for an instant could not just be my imagination.

"Damn it."

Right, so it ends up like this after all.

Every second was precious, but I took a long breath, closed my eyes, and opened them again.

"Hoo... Alright, change of plans."

***

A dense fog that seemed like it would swallow us all whole.

And seven explorers being chased by it.

Perhaps because he had a duty to guard the rear.

A warrior at the very back of Hans's group approached the chased explorers.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Stop! I will attack if you come any closer! State your identities first!"

"What kind of bullshit is that! The Lord of Tears! That crazy monster is right behind us! Get moving!"

At that urgent shout, the warrior seemed confused.

It was not like he was trying to determine the truth of the claim that the Lord of Tears was approaching.

It just seemed like he was contemplating what to do.

The plight of someone at the bottom of a group's hierarchy was understandable, but for the fleeing explorers, it was a great misfortune.

"Ah, ah...!"

Was it because the leading group suddenly slowed down?

The explorer being chased at the very back tripped over his own feet and fell.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Aaaaaaaargh!!!"

The slowly trailing fog enveloped his lower body.

A companion, who belatedly realized what was happening after hearing the scream, grabbed his arm and pulled, but it was too late.

In that brief moment, his entire lower body had melted away, leaving only bones.

"N-no. D-don't leave me... Ugh...!"

"I'm sorry."

The man who had tried to save his companion saw the fog drawing ever closer, turned his back, and started running.

Perhaps because they had all witnessed the horrifying scene from a distance.

The warrior who had been hesitating after seeing the new group could now easily make a decision.

"Wh-what are you all doing! Everyone, get out of the way!! Hurry and move forward!"

He actually forced his way forward by pushing the stunned people in front of him, and as always, this reckless action caused an accident.

"W-what? Ack! Don't push! Stop pushiГўВҖВ”"

Due to the canyon's terrain, dozens of people were crowded on a narrow slope.

Fortunately, no one fell, but as people were pushed, they stepped on the flowers they had been carefully avoiding.

Boooooom!

The moment external pressure was applied, the flower exploded like a landmine, scattering acidic liquid everywhere.

Of course, no one died from it immediately, butГўВҖВҰ

Chiiiiik!

"Aaaargh!"

"Gah, gahГўВҖВ”...!"

It was pandemonium.

In an instant, a scene of chaos unfolded.

"Move!"

"What are you talking about! Hurry up! Get out of the way! Didn't you hear the explosion?"

"They said something is coming from behind...!!"

"Where are the Mages! Use a barrier or something and block that fogГўВҖВ”!"

Boooooom!

A hellscape created by about fifty panicked people pushing each other.

'What a complete mess.'

It was already this bad with just fog and flowers.

What would happen when that thing actually showed itself?

The scene was so vivid in my mind that I already felt devastated, but what could I do?

'Looks like we've already drawn its aggroГўВҖВҰ'

I could tell this was not a future that could be prevented.

Whether I liked it or not, it was a scene I would soon witness with my own two eyes.

HwikГўВҖВ”!

I turned my back without hesitation and rejoined the main force.

Then, I quickly took the lead and guided the group.

"What are you all doing! Hurry up and follow!"

I ran down the slope.

If the path broke off, I jumped.

If a monster blocked the way, I would roughly strike it and knock it down into the canyon below.

"This way...!"

After running like that for a few minutes, the place I was looking for finally appeared.

A wide, open area.

A place where a mirror that spewed out monsters would normally be at the center, where many guilds would have set up and hunted.

"Viscount?"

"This is a dead end, isn't it...?"

The main force following me murmured in confusion.

Ugh, with everyone acting like that, it was like I had become some kind of possessed GPS.

"I know."

The plan to escape had already failed.

Had we not already drawn all the aggro?

If we kept running pointlessly, our forces would slowly dwindle until we were helpless.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

I decided to treat my low-beating heart as a source of vitality and tightened my grip on my shield.

The Fifth Floor, not the Sixth.

Meaning, the absence of token monsters summoned from the sea.

The loss of the buff from the Island of Beginnings, Rymia.

We had already entered Phase 4, so there were no more special gimmicks to activate, not even the Tear of the Goddess from the Bloodstained Fortress.

I finished my judgment based on all this evidence.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

"... Huh?"

Instead of a long explanation, I shouted loudly.

"Prepare for battle!!"

I will take it down here.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 850 ---

Chapter 850: Wave (8)

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

The Floor Lord of the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea, which was officially considered the mid-levels.

It went without saying, but he was no pushover.

Now that I had decided to take him down, all sorts of thoughts were running through my mind.

My heart was beating fast without me even realizing it.

ThumpГўВҖВ”

The Lord of Chaos, Riakis.

The Lord of Terror, Dreadfear.

ThumpГўВҖВ”

This was my third Floor Lord Raid, after those two.

I never imagined this one would be next.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Strangely, however, it wasn't just an unpleasant tension.

It wasn't that I was completely without anxiety about whether things would work out realistically, but...

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Perhaps it was a trait of the Barbarian Tribe.

My body, excited before a great battle, was pumping out dopamine like crazy.

A vague expectation that it would somehow work out.

A hopeful future of proudly seizing victory and claiming the spoils of war swirled in my head.

But the more that happened...

Smack.

I reawakened my reason, which had been pickled in excitement.

Of course, I thought my current state was a hundred, a thousand times better than being scared and cowering.

I knew.

The reason of a modern person.

The instinct of a barbarian.

Only when these two were in proper harmony did they possess great power.

ГўВҖВңArmin, listen carefully to what I am about to say. I'm entrusting the command of the rear to you.ГўВҖВқ

And so, I called Armin over and shared my entire strategy with him.

I would shout out orders if an unexpected situation arose or at specific timings, but he needed to be familiar with the basic framework.

ГўВҖВңThat's everything. Do you understand?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, I understand.ГўВҖВқ

Armin didn't ask any particular questions, but that, strangely, made him more trustworthy.

There was the way he had conducted himself so far.

If that stubborn yet competent fellow said he understood, he must have understood it well enough.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Then, were all the preparations I could make right now finished?

Watching the main force retreat far back under Armin's direction, I also took my position.

The only entrance to the open space where we currently stood.

As I stood there, blocking the path, I felt like that legendary warrior who held off an entire army alone at a bridge.

Ah, of course, my situation was a bit different from his.

That army was too scared to attack when the warrior roared, but the bastard who would soon appear would never do such a thing.

"... Right, I was wondering when you'd show up."

A familiar face came into view in the distance.

It was Hans P, who had followed me all the way here without tiring.

Looking behind him, I saw that their numbers had been reduced by more than half, as if swallowed by the fog.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you looking at?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Why have you stopped?ГўВҖВқ

I just shrugged and didn't answer.

At this, he looked around and confirmed one more thing.

ГўВҖВңDon't tell me... are you planning to fight?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy? If I say yes, are you going to fight with me?ГўВҖВқ

When I asked back bluntly, Hans P flinched and frowned.

It seemed he was trying to sort out his thoughts...

As befitting the urgent situation, his decision was swift.

ГўВҖВңFollow me! We're heading further down!ГўВҖВқ

Well, I knew you would.

I smirked and let it go.

Even if he had said he'd fight, I would have told him to get lost anyway.

Isn't that obvious?

If I were fighting alongside that bastard, I wouldn't be surprised if the Fifth Floor Lord suddenly got summoned and appeared out of nowhere.

The Hanses were like lords of misfortune.

'Good thing he's leaving on his own.'

Watching Hans's group run down the slope as if fleeing, I smirked once more.

It wasn't as if his decision looked particularly good, either.

Hadn't they already lost about half of their members?

Even if they got through this stabilization period safely, it would be incredibly tough from the moment the next wave began.

'This is no time to worry about others...'

At that point, I completely erased all thoughts of Hans P from my mind.

It seemed the main guest had finally arrived.

Swoosh.

A grayish-white fog approached with the intent to bury the entire world.

Two glowing eyes were hidden within it.

Even in this situation, an eerie melody still echoed.

ГўВҖВ”!

Before long, from within the fog, a water droplet several times larger than my body in its [Giant Form] floated over like a soap bubble.

It was one of his skills.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Teardrop].ГЈВҖВҚ

Watching the leisurely floating droplet, I took no particular action.

It was a homing missile, after all.

Trying to run away would be meaningless as it would only gain acceleration.

PopГўВҖВ”!

The moment it touched my body, the droplet burst like a balloon, spraying a mysterious liquid.

SizzzzzleГўВҖВ”!

Ah, crap...

'That stings like hell.'

I was keenly feeling the sorrow of a Tank.

No matter how many healing spells were instantly cast to restore my skin, the memory of the pain didn't disappear with it.

Let's focus on the positives.

'At least my hair didn't melt.'

The first order I had given to Armin was also executed.

Whoooooosh!

A fierce gust of wind blew from behind me, pushing all the fog away.

CrackГўВҖВ”

As the fog thinned, the creature finally revealed its full form before everyone.

ThudГўВҖВ”

Because it was in Phase 4, its size was smaller than before.

Well, it was still several times larger than me.

But it was nothing compared to its island-sized form on the Sixth Floor.

CrackГўВҖВ”

However, its basic proportions were the same as before.

A large head, a plump torso, and short arms and legsГўВҖВ”in short, a physique similar to a baby's.

But it was far from lovable in many ways.

ThudГўВҖВ”

For starters, its face was twisted like a demon that had been captured by a mad scientist and locked in a laboratory for several years.

CrackГўВҖВ”

Its skin, too, was better described as a shell than skin; it was visibly hard and bumpy.

And was that all?

Head, shoulders, feet, knees, wherever one looked, holes sprouting like volcanic craters were packed densely, enough to trigger a fear of clustered holes in anyone looking.

Also, and lastly,

ThudГўВҖВ”

Those blue, glowing eyes.

They were also very different from what one would normally think of as eyes.

There was much to be said about the position and shape of the eyes, but setting that aside for a moment...

'Is this bastard looking down at me, or looking up?'

Looking at him, such a question couldn't help but arise.

Because its eyes were upside down.

Thud.

In any case, it looked better when they were covered by a blindfold, so if it wanted to get a girlfriend, it should probably wear one as much as possible.

SizzzzzleГўВҖВ”

The creature had approached to a distance where it could reach me by swinging its foreleg, and with that, I finished my critique of its appearance.

I didn't know why it was so sad that it had been shedding tears so sorrowfully since a while ago, but...

'Tsk, a grown man like you.'

Losing to a crybaby like this would bring shame upon the ancestors of the Barbarians.

So, in other words.

ГўВҖВңBahella-ahhhhhhhh!ГўВҖВқ

I will definitely win.

***

A breathtaking standoff continued for a short while.

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

He looked at me quietly, and I watched him back in silence.

Of course, that time was extremely short.

No matter what cool nickname like 'Lord' was attached to him, his essence didn't change.

He was a monster of the Labyrinth.

Created to hate and annihilate all explorers.

Whoosh!

He casually swung a foreleg.

What, was he testing the waters?

Like playing a rhythm game, I raised my shield at the perfect moment to guard.

CraaashГўВҖВ”!

An impact was transmitted through my body despite having guarded.

Considering the distance I was pushed back and the damage delivered to my internal organs, I concluded.

'I can handle this.'

In fact, in terms of normal attack damage, Sniktura from the Arta Secret Base was much stronger.

Ah, but that didn't unconditionally mean Sniktura was stronger.

Tetrasea's specialty wasn't physical damage.

It was like this.

SplaassshhhhГўВҖВ”!

From the holes riddling its foreleg, a mysterious liquid spurted out.

It wasn't exactly a skill.

It was a unique characteristic of the creature, similar to how a Blade Wolf had sharp claws or a Goblin Swordsman carried a sword.

SizzzzzzzzleГўВҖВ”!

Every time this guy launched a normal attack, it scattered acid as if it were beads of sweat.

ГўВҖВңAghhhh...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

It hurt like hell.

As I felt before, this bastard was truly on another level.

Even while being healed in real-time, the pain pierced my nerves and shot directly to my brain.

Grind...

Of course, I had no intention of showing it.

If I lost this battle of wills, the morale of my comrades behind me would plummet.

Therefore...

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Swing].ГЈВҖВҚ

I swung my hammer towards the space between his eyes.

I knew better than anyone that it was impossible to deal meaningful damage to a Floor Lord with a Shield Barbarian's hammer blow.

But action was a more visible means of communication than anything else.

It would be conveyed more clearly than a thousand words.

CraaashГўВҖВ”!

From the moment my hammer struck between its eyes, the main force's focused fire began to pour down.

ГўВҖВңNow!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFire!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWoooahhhhh! We're taking down a Floor Lord!ГўВҖВқ

My hammer striking its brow was the signal for the main force's concentrated barrage to begin.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Overload].ГЈВҖВҚ

He too began to pull out his skills one by one, and the full-scale raid began.

The early phase went smoothly, just as I had planned.

WhooooooooshГўВҖВ”!

The acidic liquid pouring like a waterfall from the holes all over its body? Due to the terrain of the canyon, all of it flowed down to the bottom.

I was a little worried about Hans, who had headed down.

Worried that he might not have gotten hit.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character is within the range of [Despair].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe status effect 'Grief' has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢStrong impulses will occur periodically for a certain duration.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Despair], one of his passives?

We monitored each other, checking in real-time for any signs of tears.

Because the tears were the effect.

ГЈВҖВҢDeep sadness turns upon itself.ГЈВҖВҚ

If one attacked at this moment, there was an 80% chance of being affected by a 'self-harm' correction, targeting oneself.

Therefore...

ГўВҖВңLady Amblot, you have tears...! Stop casting immediately!ГўВҖВқ

The moment the signal was observed, the character in question would stop dealing damage to prevent an accident.

And...

Pitter-patter, pitter-patter...

Gradually, the amount and force of the rainwater falling from the sky intensified.

It was a sign that his HP was gradually decreasing.

Another of his passives, [Endless Rain], was inversely proportional to his current health.

If a storm so fierce that it was hard to open one's eyes were to rage later, it would mean he was on the verge of death.

ГЈВҖВҢTetrasea's sorrow deepens.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFlowers created by the [Endless Rain] effect attack the enemy.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even though his HP had dropped below 70%, the flowers created nearby had been dealt with and destroyed in advance, so there had yet to be an instance of a flower evolving into a token.

'Just by changing the field, it's become so much easier.'

Actually, all of this was supposed to happen in the sea.

Well, it was the same for us in that we couldn't utilize some of the mechanics since we weren't at sea.

But it was clear that the situation was much better.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Overload].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Overload].

The original game text was 'Spillover'.

Normally, every time this skill was used, it would mix with the seawater and create token monsters.

Pitter-patter, pitter-patterГўВҖВ”

This rainwater, which was still just drizzling, was also extremely tricky from Phase 3, when you had to fight on a ship.

From that point on, the moment the ship was destroyed, it was game over.

'[Despair] is a similar feeling.'

Due to the nature of the Lord of Tears raid, you had to hunt it with powerful ranged damage, but what would happen if the 'self-harm' judgment caused an explosion on the ship?

That would be the end of the game.

And was that all?

'In the first place, this isn't a boss you can properly use a Tank to defeat.'

Unlike other raids, the Lord of Tears raid prioritized the presence of high-performance ships and powerful ranged attackers.

It was a difficult environment for a Tank to contribute in...

ГЈВҖВҢTetrasea's sorrow deepens.ГЈВҖВҚ

That was why when I was playing a Shield Barbarian, there were many times I just skipped it if the conditions weren't right.

[ГўВҖВҰKieeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!]

Watching Tetrasea suddenly twist its body and let out a pained screech, I wiped away all my stray thoughts.

Pitter, patter, pitter-patter, pitter-patter-patterГўВҖВ”

The rain had become noticeably rougher.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Twisted Patience].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢPain Resistance is reduced by -1,000.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢNatural Regeneration greatly increases.ГЈВҖВҚ

I steeled my heart more firmly than ever before.

The place I was standing now was not a 2D world made of pixels in a game.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Pain Resistance is reduced by -300.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 851 ---

Chapter 851: A Choice of Three (1)

[Twisted Patience].

A skill that greatly increased Natural Regeneration in exchange for amplifying pain when hit.

However, it was a bit of a stretch to define it simply as an enhancement-type skill.

It had a curse function, you see.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs Pain Resistance decreases by 300.ГЈВҖВҚ

While this skill was active, the Pain Resistance of enemies within the radius also decreased.

Though not as much as the userГўВҖВҷs own, which was a whopping 1,000.

In truth, it didnГўВҖВҷt mean much.

That was because monsters had a common trait of their fighting spirit growing stronger and becoming more ferocious the more pain they felt.

You could even see it as a buff.

Unlike us fragile ГўВҖВҳnon-monstersГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰOof.ГўВҖВқ

The moment my Pain Resistance dropped, I could clearly feel the change throughout my body.

Drip, drip-drip-

The falling raindrops.

Just a moment ago, it had only felt like a slight itch, but now I could feel it distinctly.

To the point where I could perceive in real-time which part of my body it touched and in which direction it flowed.

Clearly.

SizzleГўВҖВҰ

A distinct burning pain bloomed.

That was only natural.

The Pain Resistance from the Corpse Golem had only been 70.

And yet, thanks to that stat, I had been able to pull off the crazy feat of continuing to fight while chugging potions.

Grrr-

Ugh, it hurt so much I was going crazy.

Of course, it wasnГўВҖВҷt yet to the point of losing my mind.

My Mental Power stat was quite high, after all.

When the base Mental Power stat was high, all the stats under it, including Pain Resistance, increased a little.

ButГўВҖВҰ

Thump!

I couldnГўВҖВҷt help but wonder.

If the raindrops were this bad, what would it be like to be completely drenched in that thingГўВҖВҷs acidic fluid?

The answer to that question came faster than I could have imagined.

[Kieeeeeeeeeeeek!]

The creature let out a pained scream and threw a rough, more menacing jab.

Naturally, I raised my shield to guard.

KABOOM-!

The physical damage wasnГўВҖВҷt that great, but the problem, just like before, was the effect that followed.

SIZZZZZZZZLE!!

Its acidic fluid sprayed from the holes puncturing its forelimbs without fail.

I clenched my teeth in anticipation of the sensation even before it touched me, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

It was no use.

ГўВҖВңAghГўВҖВҰ GuhГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

It was all arrogance.

Enduring it was impossible.

ГўВҖВң...!ГўВҖВқ

An agony that far transcended the realm of my imagination.

For a moment, I was under the illusion that I had returned to the past.

Not the body of a tough Barbarian Warrior, but the weak and frail body of the modern person, Lee Hansoo.

It felt like this was exactly how much it would hurt to jump into a pit of fire with that body.

ГўВҖВңShГўВҖВҰ itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Now I understood.

Why all the in-game characters threw such a fit after being hit by that skill.

Getting paralyzed from the hits was a given.

The ГўВҖВҳFearГўВҖВҷ status effect would sometimes pop up out of nowhere.

For those with low Mental Power, including fighting spirit, if that state lasted too long, they would sometimes desert the battle.

With a message like this popping up.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has abandoned the battle due to excessive pain and is leaving the area.ГЈВҖВҚ

I remembered seeing that message for the first time back when I was researching the Fairy Archer.

I had been so flabbergasted when the main tank, a Dwarf, suddenly deserted the front line and dived into the sea.

Well, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a raid where the tank was crucial, so we managed to finish it safely in the end.

ГўВҖВҰSo that was why.

Now I saw that Dwarf tank couldnГўВҖВҷt help it.

When your whole body feels like itГўВҖВҷs on fire, how could you resist the urge to jump into the water?

It was by no means an easy thing to do.

Yes, not an easy thingГўВҖВҰ

Thinking that, surprisingly, gave me a bit of strength.

I mean, when had it ever been easy?

As always, I just had to overcome it with grit and tenacity.

Like a Barbarian.

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!ГўВҖВқ

If it hurts, I just have to shout the name of my Ancestral Spirit and shake it off.

There was no way to escape anyway.

ГўВҖВҳNo, this is crazy.ГўВҖВҷ

What the hell is this.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you all doing!!ГўВҖВқ

Realizing belatedly that it was quiet around me, I couldnГўВҖВҷt help but roar.

Why the hell did you stop?

ГўВҖВңVi, Viscount, you looked like you were in so much painГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHa! CanГўВҖВҷt you see that bastard regenerating?ГўВҖВқ

If we rested for a few seconds, we would have to suffer for several more minutes in the future.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңKeep attacking!ГўВҖВқ

As I shouted with all my might to urge them on, the barrage that had momentarily stopped resumed.

Fire, lightning, ice, spears, arrowsГўВҖВҰ

Supernatural Abilities of all shapes and sizes poured down, and their effects were transmitted to me as well.

The target was that creature, but being nearby, I couldnГўВҖВҷt escape the effects.

It was the unavoidable fate of a Tank.

However, the problem here wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰ Ack! KeukГўВҖВҰ! GackГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

Unlike before, those spells also hurt like hell.

That was because I had already given Armin an order.

[Kieeeeeeeeeeeek!]

Once this bastard starts screaming, from that point on, donГўВҖВҷt consider my situation at all and go all out.

Of course, the damage to me would be great too.

If it was damage that could be blocked by my Magic Resistance or the Barrier of Aegis, then it wouldnГўВҖВҷt be that threatening to that bastard either.

So I told them not to hold back in the slightest.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Teardrop].ГЈВҖВҚ

About the skill called [Twisted Patience].

About the stat called Pain Resistance.

And about the hell that would unfold the moment this plan was executed.

SIZZZZZZZZLE!

Even though I understood it better than anyone, I gave that order, and I had no intention of retracting it now.

The reason was simple.

If enduring is the best option, then enduring is the best option.

Now that I said it, it sounded like something a famous Japanese politician would say, but I couldnГўВҖВҷt find a more fitting expression.

Above all.

ГўВҖВңGuhhhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I was pretty confident in my ability to endure.

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

A giant monster and a giant Barbarian.

The battle, filled with the screams of those two, continued.

ГЈВҖВҢCharlotte Amblot has cast the Fourth-Rank Curse Magic [Overbleed].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢElbain Cutter has cast the Third-Rank Curse Magic [Advanced Debuff].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢArmin has cast [Eternal Weakness].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe targetГўВҖВҷs physical stats decrease by 30%, and all curse effects are increased by 1.5 times.ГЈВҖВҚ

Curses that lowered Regeneration Ability to counter [Twisted Patience] were stacked and enhanced,

ГЈВҖВҢAinar Fenelin has cast [Regression].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMalid Kevron has cast [Great Explosion].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAbman Urikfrit has cast [Giant Arrow]ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

As well as the ceaseless barrage of ranged attacks.

ГЈВҖВҢArmin has summoned [Spirit Suicide Bombers].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢArmin has summoned [Corrosive Hounds].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMax Griffonheim has summoned [Hall of Knights].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAlona Labneier has summoned [Alraune]ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Periodically summoned creatures approached from range or up close and charged at the monster.

KABOOM!

The melee warriors who lacked ranged attacks or support-type Supernatural AbilitiesГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳUhГўВҖВҰ well, itГўВҖВҷs not the warriorsГўВҖВҷ fault.ГўВҖВҷ

They went through a lot on a daily basis.

What were they supposed to do when there was nothing they could do?

Ah, there are far more Knights than Warriors, so maybe I should call them poor Knights instead?

Anyway.

Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat!

As time passed, the rain grew heavier in proportion.

It was a very good sign.

It meant our DPS was higher than the speed at which the creature regenerated its health.

[ГўВҖВҰKieeeeeeeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!]

Well, it wasnГўВҖВҷt like I expected it to just die meekly like this.

ГЈВҖВҢTetraseaГўВҖВҷs sorrow deepens.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

A Floor Lord with a perverted concept of getting stronger the more it was hit.

Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat!

We had only just reached the halfway point.

***

There wasnГўВҖВҷt an HP bar, but it wasnГўВҖВҷt hard to know that the creatureГўВҖВҷs health had reached half.

Thanks to a passive, I could confirm it with my naked eyes.

A new function was added to the flowers that had been singing bizarre songs and spitting acidic saliva from where they were summoned.

ГЈВҖВҢThe flowers created by the [Endless Rain] effect give birth to a new sorrow.ГЈВҖВҚ

A new summoned creature rose from the spot where the flower spat.

Sorrow begets sorrow.

I didnГўВҖВҷt really get the philosophical meaning, I was just furious.

The rain created flowers.

And those flowers summoned new creatures.

WasnГўВҖВҷt this like subcontracting a subcontract of a subcontract?

To think such absurdity existed in this world too!

ГўВҖВңKieeeeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!!ГўВҖВқ

Unable to hold back any longer, I let out a monstrous scream, and the Lord of Tears flinched for a moment.

And it seemed to glare at me for a second, thenГўВҖВҰ

[ГўВҖВҰKieГўВҖВҰ KieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeГўВҖВ”!!!!!]

It soon screamed even louder, as if competing.

ГўВҖВҳDonГўВҖВҷt tell meГўВҖВҰ is it flustered because I stole its line?ГўВҖВҷ

Well, I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure yet.

As a truly human person, I just couldnГўВҖВҷt fathom the mind of that monster.

But.

If.

If it really thought something was taken from it,

ГўВҖВңKieeeeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!!!!!!ГўВҖВқ

Then, I would shout even louder.

[ГӮВ·ГӮВ·ГӮВ·KieГўВҖВҰ KieeeeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!!!!!!!]

Louder.

I would shout even louder.

I, none other than Bjorn son of Yandel, the Tribe Chief of the Barbarians, the Clan Master of Anabada, and a Viscount of Rafdonia.

SIZZZZZZZZZZLEГўВҖВ”!

I will teach you the pain of having something taken away!

ГўВҖВңKieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehГўВҖВ”!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ГўВҖВқ

The young men who lost their lives to the unacceptable absurdity of subcontracting subcontracts of subcontracts.

The tens of millions of people who suffered from needlessly inflated prices due to distribution markups and collapsed into oblivion.

A shout containing the sorrow and restless spirits they left behind in this world.

[ГўВҖВҰKieee?!]

Seeing that mournful reaction, indeed, did it understand?

ГўВҖВңHeh, heh, hehehe.ГўВҖВқ

I felt like laughing.

Do you understand now, you pathetic monster?

The pain of having things taken away?

[Kie, kieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeГўВҖВҰ!]

ГўВҖВңKeuk, heheheheГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

I laughed and cried at the same time.

[Kieek! Kieeek! KieeeeeehГўВҖВҰ!]

You pathetic monster.

Yes, you sad, lowly creature who knows nothing but destruction.

ГўВҖВңHeh, heh, hahahahahahaha!!!ГўВҖВқ

Now that you know that pain.

Even after youГўВҖВҷve personally experienced that sorrow.

You still canГўВҖВҷt break the hateful chain and intend to take from me in the end!

ГўВҖВңKieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehГўВҖВ”!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ГўВҖВқ

Go on and try!

I will never be brokenГўВҖВҰ!!

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has temporarily entered the ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ state due to excessive pain.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

I was swinging my hammer like a mad barbarian.

Not just the Lord of Tears, but also the summoned creatures sent from the main force to help me, without distinction,

KABOOOOOOOM-!

With tears in one eye.

And a smiling eye with the other.

I was truly continuing the act of destruction indiscriminately, like someone who had lost their mind.

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

What have I been doing until now?

That thought snapped me back to my senses.

It didnГўВҖВҷt take long to grasp the situation.

ГЈВҖВҢThe status effect ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ has been lifted.ГЈВҖВҚ

Shit, I really did lose my mind for a moment.

The memory of me shouting like a madman suddenly surfaced, and a sense of shame welled up, but once again, I decided to look only at the positive side.

For a few minutes, I barely felt the pain, andГўВҖВҰ

Yeah, at least it was just a Frenzy.

If I had deserted the battle, it would have been a real disaster.

ГўВҖВҳDamn it.ГўВҖВҷ

Still, I thought with my current stats, I wouldnГўВҖВҷt be affected by this kind of status effect.

A situation beyond just feeling dizzy.

Still, since I got through it without any major incident, it was better to quickly come up with countermeasures rather than blaming myself.

ГўВҖВҳMental protection-type Divine Spells.ГўВҖВҷ

It was the first solution that came to mind, but I didnГўВҖВҷt quite like it.

Because protecting the mind also used Divine Power.

It seemed the amount of healing I received would inevitably decreaseГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳCrown of Anguish.ГўВҖВҷ

But I couldnГўВҖВҷt use this either.

It would be putting the cart before the horse.

Using this would make me immune to mental effects, but IГўВҖВҷd also become immune to Divine Power, meaning I wouldnГўВҖВҷt be able to receive any healing at all.

ГўВҖВңTsk.ГўВҖВқ

I had no choice.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt like I had the luxury to ponder it any longer.

ГўВҖВңArmin! From now on, cast mental protection on me!ГўВҖВқ

I chose the first method.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ArminГўВҖВҷs response to my order was a little strange.

Putting aside the fact that the answer came a bit late.

ГўВҖВңAh! Th, thatГўВҖВҷs rightГўВҖВҰ? I see!ГўВҖВқ

What in the world was this reaction?

My question was immediately resolved by ArminГўВҖВҷs next words.

ГўВҖВңSo all those strange behaviors from before were because of a mental attack!!ГўВҖВқ

Damn it.

No wonder no measures were taken until the ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ wore off on its own.

ГўВҖВҳSo they thought I was doing that while sane?ГўВҖВҷ

Could this also be a form of discrimination against Barbarians?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 852 ---

Chapter 852: A Choice of Three (2)

Swoooosh!

It was a downpour so heavy it seemed you would be soaked even with an umbrella.

Whoooosh!

A chilling gust of wind cut through the canyon, carrying flower petals with it.

-!

The flowers played a grim, bizarre melody.

Layered on top of it was a beautiful, completely out of place, crystalline voice.

ГўВҖВңAaaahГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

It was the mental protection spell I had asked Armin to cast to prevent the ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ state.

An increase in Mental Power.

A reduction in the duration of all status effects.

These two effects were supposed to apply to all characters in a wide area, but thanks to the ГўВҖВҳOde for a HeroГўВҖВҷ, their effects were tripled but restricted only to me.

...This should be enough to not worry.

With this, I put my mind at ease about any mental issues.

Sizzzle!

Of course, that song did nothing to lessen the pain.

The intensity of the agony I felt when the creatureГўВҖВҷs fluid covered my body was still the same.

No, in fact, with the reduced healing, it took longer for wounds to close, so it might have even hurt more.

!ГўВҖВқ

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

It couldnГўВҖВҷt be helped.

If I had really wanted it, I would have used magic.

There were plenty of paralysis-type spells that could produce a similar effect.

Ah, of course, I had no intention of using them.

Why would I use a skill that hinders combat?

To feel less pain.

To slightly increase the probability of survival.

If I had to choose between the two, it was the mindset of a sane person to naturally choose the latter, wasnГўВҖВҷt it?

Sizzzle!

ГўВҖВңKkeueulmeulmeulГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

In any case, whether the background music changed to ГўВҖВҳWolf of the Full MoonГўВҖВҷ or not, what I did remained the same.

Blocking its fists with my shield.

Enduring my body melting from its watery slaps.

Watching my flesh get torn apart as I was caught in the bombardment fired by my companions.

ГўВҖВңHeheheГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHahahaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Honestly, it was tough.

Even without a status effect like ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ, I felt like I was about to lose my mind.

I could feel the urge to escape this place growing from deep within my heart.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷm not the only one struggling.ГўВҖВҷ

The more I felt that way, the more I looked at my temporary companions.

It might not be as much as me, but they were having a hard enough time as well.

The warriors who had been twiddling their thumbs now had work to do and were scrambling diligently.

Swoooosh!

The rain was incomparably fiercer than before.

Consequently, flower petals were being generated like mad.

And on top of that, new summons appeared as the petals spat their own projectiles.

The terrible and absurd hell created by subcontractors of subcontractors of subcontractorsГўВҖВҰ

No, I decided to stop thinking about that.

Anyway.

ГўВҖВңBlock itГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe barrier! ThereГўВҖВҷs a crack in the barrier, and the rain is leaking in!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI know! But we donГўВҖВҷt have the leeway to repair itГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Now, the main force could no longer fight as they had before, simply blowing up flowers as they appeared and elegantly dealing damage to the boss from a distance.

But is this just how the human mind works?

I know I shouldnГўВҖВҷt feel this way.

I know that if they struggle, IГўВҖВҷll only have a harder timeГўВҖВҰ

But knowing that weГўВҖВҷre all suffering together is a small comfort.

[Kkieeeeeeeek!!!]

To be honest, I think I understand how this bastard ended up with a stupid skill like ГўВҖВҳTwisted PatienceГўВҖВҷ.

Hae!

You have to hurt as much as I do.

Only then will I feel a little better.

IsnГўВҖВҷt it likely a skill that developed from living with that exact mindset?

Well, if not, whatever.

ГўВҖВңOh.ГўВҖВқ

Lost in thought, I didnГўВҖВҷt even feel the pain for about ten seconds.

As expected, thinking about other things is the best remedy when things get tough.

ГўВҖВңKkeueulmeulГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Thus, the more the pain blossomed, the more I focused on my thoughts.

Not negative thoughts, but positive ones if possible.

It has been two hours since the battle began.

No, has it been about three hours?

Honestly, IГўВҖВҷve lost all track of time. It hurts so much that it feels like ten hours have passed.

In any case, it seemed like we just needed to continue like this.

Of course, it would get harder as we went on.

And fatalities would inevitably occur.

And in that state, weГўВҖВҷd be dragged off to block the next wave with almost no restГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThis is a bad thought, so IГўВҖВҷll pass.ГўВҖВҷ

ThatГўВҖВҷs it.

If we all just push a little harder together, we can do it.

LetГўВҖВҷs not think about the next wave.

Could there possibly be a greater trial than this damned Floor Lord?

It was just as I was painting such a hopeful future.

ГўВҖВңAaaaargh!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңD-donГўВҖВҷt get pushed back!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFuck! How can we not get pushed back! It hurts like hell!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңP-please donГўВҖВҷt swearГўВҖВҰ! IГўВҖВҷm sorry!ГўВҖВқ

ГӮВ·Huh?

WhatГўВҖВҷs this?

Thump!

Although I usually didnГўВҖВҷt have the capacity to pay attention to my surroundings, I could still hear a man and a woman arguing from the main force far away.

ГўВҖВңYou expect me not to swear? Why donГўВҖВҷt you come stand over here!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-IГўВҖВҷm also trying my best over hereГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBullshit! YouГўВҖВҷre just comfortably casting spells from the back! Aaaaargh!!ГўВҖВқ

It sounded like a warrior and a mage were having a tense conversation.

It was not a pleasant exchange.

The comrades-in-arms who had overcome the last wave togetherГўВҖВҰ the same people who had respected the dead and stood by them during the funeral, no matter how hard it was, were now fighting.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt that I couldnГўВҖВҷt understand.

ГўВҖВңComfortably? Do we look comfortable to you? WeГўВҖВҷve suffered mana overload several times already! A little more of this, and we could suffer permanent mana loss!ГўВҖВқ

An extreme situation.

People exposed to excessive stress are bound to become edgy.

ГўВҖВңSo what! IГўВҖВҷm about to die right now!ГўВҖВқ

Besides, I was a hundred percent on the warriorГўВҖВҷs side.

If someone told me not to get pushed back right now, IГўВҖВҷd probably fly into a rage too.

Ah, of course, that didnГўВҖВҷt mean the warriorГўВҖВҷs actions were acceptable.

ГўВҖВңSo what, you ask! You have to block! With all your might! ThereГўВҖВҷs no way to escape!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңF-fuckГўВҖВҰ! I still canГўВҖВҷt do it anymore!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-what are you saying! Look over there, Viscount Yandel is holding on so steadfastly all by himselfГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps that final, scissor-sharp comment snipped the thread of his sanity, which had been stretched to its limit.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYou crazy bitch! Fuck it, screw you all! My clan is ruined anyway, you think I give a damn!ГўВҖВқ

Finally, the warrior took drastic action.

ГўВҖВңWh-where are you going!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou crazyГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Thump!

I realized why I had heard the conversation from the main force so far away amidst all this.

This BarbarianГўВҖВҷs body, extremely sensitive to survival, had been the first to sense it.

ГЈВҖВҢBrikton Azkel abandons the battle due to excessive pain and leaves his position.ГЈВҖВҚ

That we were fucked.

***

Anyone who has played Jenga knows.

How precarious a tall tower is.

How crucial a role each and every block at the bottom plays.

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

The warrior who broke away from the main force ran towards the cliff, then lightly kicked off its edge and leaped high into the air.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңC-crazy bastardГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

He disappeared into the darkness of the Labyrinth.

Just as everyone judged the warrior to have died in vain.

ГўВҖВңI-I did itГўВҖВҰ! Fuck! I did itГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

From far away, beyond the darkness, a thunderous shout was heard.

It seemed his random jump was a success.

He must have jumped blindly and by chance, there was a slope or something down there in the darkness.

Damn him for being so lucky.

ГўВҖВҳHe succeeded?ГўВҖВҷ

I was about to faint, but the warrior beyond the darkness was different.

ГўВҖВңEat shit and live well, you bastards!!ГўВҖВқ

The warrior left, taunting us with a voice full of elation and excitement, and never returned.

And in his place.

Cr-crackГўВҖВ“

For some reason, I heard that sound.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt a sign that a dimensional collapse was about to begin.

It was just the sound of a crack forming within our group.

ГўВҖВңBrikton Azkel, a warrior of the Jagged Tooth Clan, hasГўВҖВҰ desertedГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

At last, Armin, grasping the situation, relayed the fact to me in a flustered toneГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳOhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВҷ

It became the catalyst.

A catalyst sufficient to make the fractured group completely explode.

ГўВҖВңWhy-why are you all looking at me like that!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI wasnГўВҖВҷt even that close to that crazy bastard!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou all know how much weГўВҖВҷve struggledГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps because the warrior who had succeeded in the surprise jump was from the Jagged Tooth Clan, it seemed negative gazes were gathering on those of the same origin.

There is a very absolute truth in this world.

When injustice builds up.

Naturally, someone will be unable to bear it.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңY-you fucking bastardsГўВҖВҰ! You dare look at me with those eyes!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRektas! C-calm down!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou shut up! This is all your fault!ГўВҖВқ

The Vice-CaptainГўВҖВҷs urgent voice was heard, but sadly, his desperate plea did not reach his clan member.

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

And so, another warrior cut through the rain and charged towards the cliff where his senior had escaped.

Tadat!

He followed the same route as the one before him and leapedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңFuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!ГўВҖВқ

He succeeded again.

ГўВҖВҳDamn it.ГўВҖВҷ

Why? Why did he succeed again?

Is there some wide terrain down there?

Or am I just unlucky?

Could the Hans effect still be lingering?

The answer to the mystery was simple.

The perpetrator himself gave me the answer.

ГўВҖВңCome on over! ItГўВҖВҷs super wide, so youГўВҖВҷll land no matter how you jump! LetГўВҖВҷs leave the assholes behind and save ourselves! Think we canГўВҖВҷt make it on our own? DonГўВҖВҷt worry! The Golden Ghost Clan! If we can just find the Golden Ghost Clan below, we can live! We can live and return to the city!ГўВҖВқ

For those of us left behind, it was the worst possible situation.

Fortunately, Armin also took swift action.

ГўВҖВңL-Lord Kevron!ГўВҖВқ

Ah, maybe it wasnГўВҖВҷt fortunate?

A swift action isnГўВҖВҷt always the right one.

ГўВҖВңGather your members and bring them to the center! You may use force!ГўВҖВқ

An order for the Vice-Captain to personally round up his clan members to prevent them from escaping.

I couldnГўВҖВҷt believe it.

I never thought Armin would make such a trolling move.

ГўВҖВңArmin, retract the order!ГўВҖВқ

You canГўВҖВҷt do that.

Giving a coercive order when everyone is in an extremely agitated state will only paralyze their reason.

I tried to stop him in a hurry, but it was already too late.

ГўВҖВңWh-where do you think youГўВҖВҷre grabbing meГўВҖВҰ! You bastards! Let go!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҷs running away!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStop himГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Since I wasnГўВҖВҷt watching the main force in real-time, I couldnГўВҖВҷt see exactly what happened.

With the wind and rain raging, and the distance, too many shouts were jumbled together to be heard clearly.

Swoooosh!

Only a few minutes passed after that.

I could only hear the result.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIГўВҖВҷm sorry! A total of six members from the Jagged Tooth Clan have deserted! We couldnГўВҖВҷt stop them!ГўВҖВқ

Right, six people goneГўВҖВҰ

It might seem like a small number, but I could already see the future.

This would make the rest of the raid even more difficult.

GritГўВҖВҰ

But whatГўВҖВҷs done is done.

Blaming and cursing someone now wonГўВҖВҷt change reality.

We have to continue doing what we must.

And for that, we need a change in atmosphere.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Sizzzle!

I forcibly endure the searing pain of my flesh melting and shout.

ГўВҖВңDo not panic! Six people are gone? So what! Did you think there would be no ГўВҖВҳcasualtiesГўВҖВҷ in taking down a Floor LordГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Of course, I know it too.

This time, the situation is not normal.

Deserters, not victims.

ItГўВҖВҷs only natural for the morale of those remaining to plummet.

So, we need to change the perspective.

ГўВҖВңI apologize! It is my fault! I underestimated its Supernatural Ability!ГўВҖВқ

First, I protect their minds by shifting the blame from outside forces to myself.

ГўВҖВңSo, Elloid! Stop the ode!ГўВҖВқ

I deliver a clear order to the confused main force.

ГўВҖВңFrom now on, protect the minds of the entire main force, including myself!ГўВҖВқ

Their desertion was not their own will.

It was all because the Lord of Tears inflicted status effects like ГўВҖВҳFrenzyГўВҖВҷ or ГўВҖВҳFearГўВҖВҷ.

Therefore, they are not ГўВҖВҳdesertersГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВңThere must be no more ГўВҖВҳvictimsГўВҖВҷ!ГўВҖВқ

An order with that invisible implication strongly embedded within.

The feedback was immediate.

ГўВҖВңAh! So thatГўВҖВҷs it! Their minds were affected because of that monster!!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar, along with the other survivors who were under extreme stress, easily accepted my implication.

The more difficult the situation, the more people tend to see what they want to see and believe what they want to believe.

It causes less stress that way.

ГўВҖВңO-o-o-o-o-o-o-oГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Soon, the ode dedicated to me ceased, and a crystalline voice flowing from the Priestess of the Three Gods Orchestra filled the canyon.

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Wolf of the Full Moon].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFor the duration of the song, the Mental Power of all characters within range will be greatly increased, and the duration of all status effects will be greatly reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ

Of course, the effect of that song itself probably isnГўВҖВҷt that significant.

In my view, their desertion wasnГўВҖВҷt 100% due to ГўВҖВҳmental abnormalitiesГўВҖВҷ. Except for the first deserter, the rest was a situation caused by human nature pushed to its limits.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң4th Company, listen up! As Knights of the King, I will not tolerate any unsightly behavior! For the sake of honor, defend your positions to the very end!ГўВҖВқ

Is this what they call the placebo effect?

ГўВҖВңO-o-o-o-o-o-oГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The belief that the song was protecting their minds sparked their will to fight, and the battle, which had fallen into a state of panic, was back on track.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Alright, letГўВҖВҷs try this again.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 853 ---

Chapter 853: A Choice of Three (3)

The battle that followed went as expected.

No matter how much their morale had recovered, the wall of reality was cold and high.

Swoooosh!

The rain poured down fiercely.

Flowers continuously bloomed, and from them, acid monsters were summoned.

ГўВҖВңAaargh!!ГўВҖВқ

Those monsters relentlessly dug into the gap in the front line created by the absence of the six, and naturally, the main force had no choice but to divert its attention to maintaining the line.

In short, the main forceГўВҖВҷs focused fire could not be concentrated solely on the Lord of TearsГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңSirГўВҖВҰ Sir Jefferson! Sir Jefferson has fallen, Company Commander!ГўВҖВқ

In the midst of it all, a knight from the 4th Company died.

Excluding the deserters, he was the first fatality during the raid.

Sadly, it was only the beginning of the tragedy.

Chiiiiik!

Whenever he was half-mad with pain, reports of additional deaths would periodically arrive.

One, two, threeГўВҖВҰ

As the number of casualties grew, the downpour intensified in proportion.

Swoooooooosh!

Though the speed at which the rain intensified had slowed down considerably compared to before.

The speed did not matter.

What mattered was that it was moving forward.

Four, fiveГўВҖВҰ

Just as the fifth death occurred.

Plop.

ГўВҖВҰ
Rumble!

Suddenly, the fierce downpour ceased, and the sound of thunder echoed throughout the floor.

It was not an event that could be called an anomaly.

It was simply that the time had come.

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Biased Judgment].

[Biased Judgment]

A skill of no particular note that strikes every living being under the [Eternal Rain] with lightning.

However, a look into its details tells a different story.

Crash! KABOOM!

First, setting aside the fact that it was an unavoidable attack, this skill had a very unique aspect.

All of the characterГўВҖВҷs stats will be reduced by 30% until the end of the battle.

Getting hit by this lightning would reduce stats by a percentage, and that ratio was proportional to TetraseaГўВҖВҷs current HP gauge.

For instance, if its HP was at 30%, exactly 30% would be reduced.

To put it simply, if that bastard used this skill at full health, no matter how well-raised a character was, they would instantly be turned into a tin canГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWell, I suppose thatГўВҖВҷs why itГўВҖВҷs a conditional skill.ГўВҖВҷ

[Biased Judgment] was a conditional active skill that could only be cast in specific situations.

It could only use this skill in two cases.

When its HP reached 30%, like now.

Or if not that.

TetraseaГўВҖВҷs sorrow deepens.

When this message, which appeared every time its health dropped by 5%, did not appear for over fifteen minutes.

ГўВҖВҳThis world is full of such damned gimmicks.ГўВҖВҷ

In fact, the very reason I chose to ГўВҖВҳraidГўВҖВҷ it was because of this skill.

If not for that, the strategy of holding out until the stabilization period ended and then escaping over the dimensional wall when the wave began would have been possible.

HmmГўВҖВҰ is it meaningless now?

Because I will kill this bastard, no matter what.

Swoooosh!

The moment the rain started pouring again, I shouted towards the main force.

ГўВҖВңAinar, start getting ready!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңReady for what?!ГўВҖВқ

HmmГўВҖВҰ it seems Armin didnГўВҖВҷt tell her.

I had no time to kindly explain to Ainar, who was far away.

ГўВҖВңAsk Armin!ГўВҖВқ

I decided to leave the main forceГўВҖВҷs movements to Armin and devoted myself to holding Tetrasea right in front of me.

The end of the raid was approaching, but my role itself had not changed much.

The pattern itself was quite monotonous, to begin with.

KABOOOM!

Its physical attacks were nothing more than swatting with its front paws like a child throwing a tantrum.

Even that was not particularly threatening, and it was the same even with my stats reduced by 30%.

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Teardrop].

The same applied to the only single-target skill it possessed.

The damage itself was quite high, but since heals came in immediately, no dangerous situation ever arose.

Except for the fact that it hurt like hell because of [Twisted Patience], holding it was not difficult at all.

In fact, my HP probably never dropped below 70%.

ГўВҖВҳBecause itГўВҖВҷs that kind of boss.ГўВҖВҷ

A massive health pool.

Natural Regeneration.

A wide-area aura.

A wide-area mental CC.

Summons with no resource cost.

And on top of that, all its abilities were enhanced as its HP decreased.

Its physical ability was nothing special, but its sustain was just insane.

Facing it meant a battle of attrition was inevitable.

Just as oneГўВҖВҷs clothes get soaked in a drizzle, when facing this thing, the attacking side would find themselves withered and dyingГўВҖВҰ

The fact that it was in Phase 4.

The geographical advantage of the canyon.

If not for those two penalties, I probably wouldnГўВҖВҷt have dared to attempt this raid with so few people.

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

It was at that moment, as I was busy thinking of other things to forget the pain.

TetraseaГўВҖВҷs sorrow deepens.

I realized it belatedly.

At some point, it had stopped wailing.

The Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Self-Pity].

I briefly closed and opened my eyes.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The moment had finally come.

***

[Self-Pity].

The final skill of the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, activated when its HP reached 25%.

Swoooooosh!

Fluids gushed out from its entire body as if it had used [Overload].

Continuously, endlessly, gushing out.

However, it was distinctly different from when it used [Overload].

For one, the fluid did not flow down the canyon; it defied gravity, floating in the air and moving as if with a will of its ownГўВҖВҰ

WhooshГўВҖВҰ

As the amount of expelled fluid increased, its body gradually shrank.

As if all the moisture was being drained from its body.

Of course, even during this, the main forceГўВҖВҷs supportive fire was pouring downГўВҖВҰ

Rat-tat-tat-tat!

The fluids floating in the air spread out like an umbrella, blocking all attacks.

I raised my hand high and gave a signal.

ГўВҖВҳCease fire.ГўВҖВҷ

There was no reason to waste energy here.

Just as protagonists in manga are not attacked while transforming, [Self-Pity] also temporarily entered a state of invincibility during its skill animation.

ГўВҖВҳI thought it might be the case, but reality is the same.ГўВҖВҷ

It was a rather disappointing part.

ГўВҖВҳYou have no intention of letting me have an easy kill, do you?ГўВҖВҷ

Therefore, I moved my hand and sent a new signal.

The meaning was simple.

ГўВҖВҳPrepare.ГўВҖВҷ

It went without saying, but the next signal would be ГўВҖВҳAttack.ГўВҖВҷ

And at that time, everything we had saved for this moment would be unleashed.

With everyoneГўВҖВҷs fate on the line.

Swooooooosh!

About a minute after it began its detox diet.

It had shrunk to a size slightly larger than me in my [Giant Form]ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳLooks like itГўВҖВҷs about to end.ГўВҖВҷ

It stopped gushing out fluid.

Soon, the fluid floating in the air clumped together like thick clay and settled on its skin.

One layer, two, three, fourГўВҖВҰ

The thickly layered fluids soon turned black and began to harden.

As if to protect it from everything coming from the outside.

It was the last pattern of Phase 4.

The final gate to overcome the ordeal known as the Lord of Tears, and the very phase that would make any user who attempted it with even slightly insufficient specs shed tears of blood.

All skills are temporarily sealed.

From now on, [Twisted Patience], [Biased Judgment], [Teardrop], and even [Dark Cloud], which spewed acidic mist, would all be deactivated, and it wouldn't even perform basic attacks.

Of course, [Endless Rain] would stop, and summons would no longer be generated.

But in exchange.

All of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs resistance stats have reached their maximum value.

Its defense skyrockets.

Also, when the skillГўВҖВҷs duration ends.

ГўВҖВҳNo.ГўВҖВҷ

There was no need to think that far.

I would definitely finish it here.

ГўВҖВңFire!ГўВҖВқ

I yelled with all my might, signaling the start of the all-out battle to the main force, and at the same time, I thrust my hand into the pocket dimension and pulled it out.

Swoosh.

A small gem, the size of a fingernail, was clenched in my hand.

ГўВҖВҳTear of the Goddess.ГўВҖВҷ

Back in the days of being a bare-bones Barbarian without a single Essence.

The very item that allowed me to survive against a Vampire, a Rank 5 monster, and a Guardian at that.

ГўВҖВҳLater.ГўВҖВҷ

I shake off the sentimentality and the distracting thoughts, then pour all my strength into the hand holding the gem.

Crack.

As the gem shattered, a fierce light swirled, brightly illuminating the dark canyon.

The Tear of the Goddess has been destroyed.

[Grace] will descend upon the location of destruction.

Something felt very strange.

Heh.

I never thought the day would come when I would use this again, and I certainly never knew that my fate would hang on this item.

By [Grace], all of the Lord of Tears, TetraseaГўВҖВҷs, resistances are temporarily sealed.

Normally, I would have had to chip away at its resistances using the special conditions present in the raid field.

This was not just a simple replacement, but an upgrade.

While the original method was to chip away at it, the ГўВҖВҳTear of the GoddessГўВҖВҷ completely fixed the resistance value at 0.

ГўВҖВҳWell, the duration is short in exchange, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

It would be shameless of me to complain here.

In fact, the current situation had fallen into place in an unbelievably perfect way.

KABOOOOM!

As soon as the light burst forth, the barrage from the main force, which had been casting, poured out.

The sound itself was completely different from before.

After all, with no rain and no summons, the main force could now unleash its full firepower.

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs no reason to control the tempo while managing our health, either.ГўВҖВҷ

Kill or be killed.

An all-out battle where everything was poured out in the face of a grim two-choice question.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeled off.

The first shell was broken off by the all-out assault before even a few seconds had passed.

Crack, cr-crack!

The armor, cracking and splitting as if to prove it had exceeded its absorbable shock, fell to the ground.

And at that moment.

ГўВҖВңViscount, fall back!ГўВҖВқ

A loud shout came from Armin in the main force.

There was no reason to hold it anymore, so I had already fallen back after shattering the Tear of the Goddess.

But to be told to fall back even further from hereГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt must be that.ГўВҖВҷ

I did not act stubborn and wordlessly increased the distance, and it was almost immediate.

Fwoooooosh~!

A giant magic circle formed in the direction of the main force, and in the instant it burst with light.

Flash!

A pure white gleam flashed briefly.

With my senses focused on strength and endurance, it was impossible for me to visually confirm what was fired.

Well, that didn't mean I didn't know what it was.

Charlotte Emblem has cast the Second-Rank Attack Magic [Spear of Annihilation].

The very same magic I had seen when hunting Hiframazant on the Underground First Floor.

In the midst of the hectic raid, all the mages of the main force had combined their powers to manifest it as a ГўВҖВҳjoint spellГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҰ

Puuuuuuush!!

By the time I came to my senses, a giant white spear was embedded deep within the thickly layered armor.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeled off.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeled off.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeledГўВҖВҰ

Watching the shells being torn off as the spear shattered, its power spent, I held my breath.

ГўВҖВҳFour layers at onceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

The result was much better than I had thought.

Even after shattering the Tear of the Goddess, I had expected at most three layers.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷve determined that any more high-mana-cost attack spells are impossible! The remaining mages will switch to maintaining the existing curses!ГўВҖВқ

Hearing ArminГўВҖВҷs report, it seemed they had poured every last drop of their mana into this joint spellГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIs it my turn now?ГўВҖВҷ

In a situation where all the damage had to be crammed in within a limited time, I wasted no time and immediately took out what I had prepared.

The character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].

Aegis Dragon Armor.

The item that increased damage dealt by the amount of damage taken, a true innovation for a tank.

Reflects the accumulated damage.

At that, a spirit warrior formed behind me and swung a greatsword down with all its might.

CR-CR-CRACK!

The pieces of the shell scattered as if shattering with a single blow.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeled off.

However, the spirit warrior, as if unsatisfied, raised its greatsword high once again.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Accumulated damage has exceeded a certain threshold.

The use effect will be cast one more time.

One more time.

CR-CRACK!

Another shell peeled off.

Up to this point, it was as I had expected.

Honestly, with all the hits IГўВҖВҷd taken, I thought the stack would have built up for at least two hits.

But is this what they call human greed?

I suddenly became curious.

A layer of TetraseaГўВҖВҷs pity has been peeled off.

Although my HP was constantly being restored by divine power, so I never reached a near-death state, I had been hit an incredible amount for hours.

Excluding the fact that it hurt exceptionally because of my Pain Resistance, I wondered if I had ever been hit this much for such a long timeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHow about this time?ГўВҖВқ

At that moment, as I turned around with a sliver of hope to check on the spirit warrior.

Accumulated damage has exceeded a certain threshold.

Seeing the spirit warrior, which had not disappeared as if its work was not yet done, I grinned.

ГўВҖВҳRight, I did get hit a lot this time.ГўВҖВҷ

There was more.

The next stage, one I had never experienced before.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 854 ---

Chapter 854: A Choice of Three (4)

The Spirit Warrior, summoned through the Aegis Dragon Armor.

Hmm, calling him Spirit Warrior all the time is a bit...

Let's just call him Aegis for short.

[UoooooooooohГўВ”ВҖ!!!]

Aegis roared as if enraged that the enemy was still breathing.

The deafeningly grand shout was truly intimidating, making me anticipate what kind of strike would follow.

And then............

"... Huh?"

What the.

Swoooosh.......

Why did it just shout and disappear?

Ah, does the roar have some kind of additional effect?

It wasn't an intuitive ability like slashing the enemy with a greatsword, so I had no way of knowing.

But...

ГЈВҖВҢUntil the end of the battle, the damage dealt will increase by the sum of all resistance stats.ГЈВҖВҚ

Right, it must have been something good.

Nothing bad would have happened to me.

After all, when it disappeared, the effect wasn't like scattering into smoke, but more like it was seeping into me.

I'll figure that out later............

Kabooooom!

Ka-kaboom!

The bombardment continued.

Even without the mages, there were still ranged attackers like Supernatural Ability users and archers left.

ГЈВҖВҢA layer of Tetrasea's pity is peeled away.ГЈВҖВҚ

Just as another layer of the shell was peeled off like that.

ГўВҖВңEntering Phase 3!ГўВҖВқ

Another mid-battle report came from Armin.

Phase 3 referred to the next stage, when the ranged attackers' firepower was cut by more than half due to skill cooldowns, MP consumption, or casting times.

ГўВҖВңAll forces, charge!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLet's goooooo!!ГўВҖВқ

From now on, the melee attackers would be deployed.

An environment where they couldn't do much.

The pain they had to endure during the battle despite that.

And on top of it all, the optimal position of simply hitting an enemy that wasn't fighting back.

Perhaps because these three situations overlapped, the morale of the melee attackers was higher than ever.

ГЈВҖВҢMamon Magnus has cast [Spinning Strike].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMikhail Rektas has cast [Crushing Blow].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCreed Allen has cast [Cheap Shot].ГЈВҖВҚ

From the hammer-wielding warrior spinning and striking with a two-handed hammer, to the knight hacking away with a sharp aura.

Even those who weren't specialized combatants, like the scouts, used everything they had to unleash their maximum DPS.

"So that Rogue does know how to fight."

For some reason, it felt like the first time I'd seen the Rogue do anything, but it must be my imagination.

He must have done something while I wasn't looking.

Surely he wasn't just freeloading for several waves?

ГЈВҖВҢAinar Fenelin has cast [Trident].ГЈВҖВҚ

Ah, for the record, Ainar was only using [Trident], not [Focused Shot].

That's because she had to save her fully stacked [Regression].

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”Laaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

Ah, for the record, I also joined the melee attackers this time and swung my hammer.

And............

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Swing].ГЈВҖВҚ

K-k-k-k-k-crack!

What, why did it break the moment I hit it?

Did I just happen to land the last hit?

ГЈВҖВҢA layer of Tetrasea's pity is peeled away.ГЈВҖВҚ

I couldn't be sure, but just like that, the eighth shell peeled off earlier than expected............

ГЈВҖВҢA layer of Tetrasea's pity is peeled away.ГЈВҖВҚ

The ninth shell didn't take long either.

The truth is, melee attackers don't necessarily have lower DPS than archers or mages.

It's just harder for them to deal damage.

Crack-!

For some reason, the impact felt especially good since a while ago.

I'm not sure if it was just my imagination, but it seemed like I kept landing the last hit.

Anyway, is this the last one now...........?

If we peel off just one more layer, we can finally see that thing's soft inner flesh.

But...

'How long will it take to break that one layer?'

It felt a bit daunting now.

It's not like the last shell is especially tough due to the skill's properties or anyth...

ГЈВҖВҢThe duration of [Grace] has ended.ГЈВҖВҚ

In the end, we ran out of time.

To put it simply, we now had to break through that shell, which had reached its maximum resistance stats, on our own.

Therefore............

"Everyone except the knights of the 4th Company, fall back!"

I had the melee attackers who had been diligently dealing damage pull back, maintaining the front line with only the knights.

After all, there was no other answer but 'Aura'.

Whoooosh-

90% defense penetration and 90% magic resistance penetration.

The indisputably strongest skill in [Dungeon & Stone], 'Aura'.

However, even with that, the final shell surrounding the creature was not easy.

Scrape! Scraape!

The knights' expressions looked quite bewildered.

I guess since learning to use Aura, they'd never heard a sound like that when swinging their swords.

Scrape!

The Aura that used to slice through steel like tofu was being blocked before it could even penetrate a single joint's length.

It was a simple calculation.

If the physical resistance was 10,000, even ignoring 90% of it, 1,000 still remained.

Scra-scrape!

It was basically like beating a monster with 1,000 physical resistance with a bare sword, without Aura.

But even so, there was no alternative.

Because it was Aura, it was at least cutting in little by little.

If we were to hit it, we probably wouldn't even leave a scratch.

"Bjorn......!"

Ainar, who had approached me at some point, called my name like someone who urgently needed the restroom, but I shook my head firmly.

ГўВҖВңWait, itГўВҖВҷs not time yet.ГўВҖВқ

The knights alone are enough to peel off the last layer.

Even if it feels a little uncertain, we have to believe it.

Because that's the only way to catch that thing.

Besides, look.

Zzzzt-

Just as no tree can withstand repeated axe blows.

Zz-zzzzzt!

As the dents increased, cracks gradually began to form on the shell that had seemed so tough.

With the knights' fervent slashes, the shell, which had been cracking more and more, crumbled with a shattering sound.

The moment we had finally been waiting for.

There was no time to spare for cheers of joy.

ГўВҖВңAinar, now!ГўВҖВқ

The moment I shouted, Ainar, who had been waiting with her stacks full, threw her spear.

ГЈВҖВҢOn the next strike, the ГўВҖВҳSoul TrackerГўВҖВҷ effect will be added.ГЈВҖВҚ

The inner flesh, hidden inside the shell, looked so small and even more fragile compared to before.

PwooooooooshГўВҖВ”!

The spear, shot like an arrow from point-blank range, pierced its flesh all too easily.

And............

[ГўВҖВ”!!]

Unable to even scream, the creature bent its back like a drawn bowstring.

It looked like it had taken a fatal wound, but............

'It's alive.'

It was just a little short of stopping its breath.

Therefore............

"What are you all doing! Get in there now!!"

The knights, of course, and every melee attacker nearby swarmed it, hacking at the creature that was now nothing but soft flesh.

Stab!

They plunged an Aura-clad sword into its eye.

They cut off its fingers by placing a blade and smashing a hammer on top, and shoved spears into the holes on its skin that spewed bodily fluids.

Chwaaaaaa!

Every time a weapon was swung or pulled out, red blood, not acidic fluid, gushed from its body.

"Damn it......!"

ГўВҖВңDie, monster!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease, just die............!!ГўВҖВқ

Everyone was desperate.

I hadn't said it out loud, but everyone knew instinctively.

That there were no more cards left to play.

We had poured out all the firepower we possibly could.

So, all that was left was the report card.

Would we bear fruit?

Or would it all end meaninglessly?

[ГўВҖВ”!!]

The creature only twitched in the face of the one-sided violence, unable to offer any resistance.

No, forget resistance, its struggles were even weakening.

But was it because of that?

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

A strong, inexplicable intuition bloomed within me.

ГўВҖВңJust a little more!ГўВҖВқ

Not the intuition of a Barbarian's body specialized in hunting and combat.

But the intuition of a [Dungeon & Stone] gamer who had tenaciously dug into a single game for nearly a decade.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea's HP is below 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was now closer to 0 than to 1.

Just one more step.

We just needed to take one more step from here.

The moment that number reached 0, this grueling battle would be decided, and the future would be set.

Right, so justГўВҖВ”

-Plink.

The moment I swung my hammer to contribute even a little bit.

Plip, plopГўВҖВҰ

I stopped moving and stared blankly upward.

Plip, plop.

Not many, but distinct raindrops were falling.

The meaning behind those few raindrops was all too clear.

The cause: not enough time.

Or not enough damage.

Whatever the reason, the result wouldn't change.

ГЈВҖВҢTetrasea ends its long-held pity.ГЈВҖВҚ

Plan A has failed.

***

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Time flows slowly.

Extreme concentration, manifested at the crossroads of life and death.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Raindrops falling one or two at a time.

This is the beginning.

Soon, a downpour unlike any we've ever seen will cover this canyon.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!!

We ended up in this situation after all.

We poured everything we had into it, pushing it to the very, very end.

We were just one spoonful short of turning that 1 into a 0.

But...

'Not yet.......'

It's not all over.

We just have to walk a much harder path than before.

'As long as the possibility isn't 0%.'

I have to at least give it a try.

Thump-!

The moment I made my decision, the time that had been flowing slowly returned to its normal pace.

ГЈВҖВҢTetraseaГўВҖВҷs HP is restored by 10%.ГЈВҖВҚ

Tetrasea's body, which had been a tattered mess, was healing rapidly.

This was the effect of [Self-Pity].

Upon completion of the cast, the creature instantly recovers HP in inverse proportion to the number of shells destroyed.

If not a single layer had been broken, it would have returned to full health.

'...

10% is manageable.'

This was also part of the basis for my current decision.

ГЈВҖВҢAll of Tetrasea's resistance stats and Natural Regeneration are gradually increasing.ГЈВҖВҚ

After recovering its HP once, its stats increase exponentially over time.

If my memory is correct, it takes about 15 minutes for all its resistance stats and Natural Regeneration to reach their maximum values...

'But right now, it's actually weaker.'

The resistance stats that had temporarily reached their maximum through [Self-Pity] had returned to their original values.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, has cast [Twisted Patience].ГЈВҖВҚ

Well, there is the increased Regeneration Ability from [Twisted Patience], but...

ГўВҖВңWhat are you all doing!!ГўВҖВқ

The opportunity hasn't completely disappeared.

For the next 3 to 4 minutes............

If we can make good use of this Golden Time, we still have a chance to win.

Therefore.

"Keep attacking!!"

I urged on the survivors, who were stunned by the sight of the creature instantly recovering from its injuries.

"Ah, ah......!"

"Aaaaaah!!"

Snapping out of it at my shout, the warriors and knights began to slash again.

Of course, unlike before, it wasn't easy.

Shwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-!

An acid rain so heavy it was hard to open one's eyes.

The barrier from the main force that had been acting as a roof against the rain was no longer there, and ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»

Whoosh~!

As the rain began to fall again, acid flowers grew like crazy, and those flowers in turn created summoned creatures made of acidic fluid.

Because of that, the melee attackers diligently dealing damage were inevitably exposed to the full force of the acid damage...........

"Aaaaaaaaargh-!"

ГўВҖВңAh, I can't see............!"

Screams erupted from all sides.

Tssssssssss!

Even if new flesh grew back immediately thanks to Divine Power, the pain etched a deep mark on the mind.

ГўВҖВңPlease die, you monster............!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEveryone, snap out of it! It only recovered a little, isn't it actually easier to cut now than before!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIgnore the summoned creatures! Trust the priests!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKill it!!!ГўВҖВқ

Aura, hammers, spears, axes...

Various weapons were swung without rest, cutting and piercing the monster's flesh.

And............

ShwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaГўВҖВ”!!!

As the slashing continued, I could feel the downpour growing even more intense in real time.

Simply put, it meant that for now, our DPS was higher than its regeneration.

"Viscount, we're ready!!"

Good news came from the main force, which had been holding on by replacing the absent warriors with summoned creatures.

While the melee attackers were engaged, the main force had finished their cooldowns and casting, preparing for a second bombardment............

ГўВҖВңEveryone, fall back!!ГўВҖВқ

The moment the melee attackers dealing damage appropriately fell back and created distance.

Ka-ka-ka-boooooom-!

Pwoosh!

KABOOM!!

The bombardment began and continued relentlessly for several dozen seconds.

The rising dust cloud quickly settled in the pouring rain, soon revealing the creature's wretched state.

Its hide was torn wide open.

Bone was exposed through deep wounds.

A severed arm.

A caved-in skull.

Unidentifiable chunks of meat were scattered nearby.

It was clearly on the verge of death.

A combined assault from the melee attackers, centered on the knights, would give us a good chance of winning.

Shwaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

As proof, hadn't the downpour become much rougher than before?

Of course, we couldn't let our guard down.

This was the Golden Time, before its resistance stats and Natural Regeneration increased to an unmanageable level.

We had to use this time thoroughly.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you all doing! Get back on it!!ГўВҖВқ

As soon as my order was given, the waiting melee attackers approached the creature once again.

Even as they groaned from the pain of their bodies burning.

ГўВҖВңGrrrr......!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңShiiiiiiiit!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease, just die already............!!ГўВҖВқ

They endured through sheer grit and malice, swinging their weapons.

Surely, the monster's miserable state played a part in their fervor.

It was obvious to anyone that the creature was on its last legs.

ГўВҖВңWe just have to kill it............!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe priests will heal our wounds!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAaaaaaaaargh!!ГўВҖВқ

Just a little more, just a little more............

United in heart and mind, they swung their weapons more desperately than ever, but the creature's life thread was tough.

Stab! Stab!

Slice!

Ten seconds.

Kaboom-!

Slice, slice.

Pwoooosh!

Twenty seconds, thirty seconds, forty seconds...

They continued to drive in their weapons, severing its joints.

ГўВҖВңDieeeeeeeee!!ГўВҖВқ

With injuries that would have made any ordinary monster turn to light and disappear long ago, the creature tenaciously held on.

Fifty seconds, sixty seconds...

Just as the melee attackers' bloody struggle had continued for nearly a minute.

At this very moment, when the strength of each and every person was more crucial than ever.

ГўВҖВңSh, shit......!!"

Along with a curse that seemed to indicate a decision had been made.

ГЈВҖВҢCreed Allen, due to excessive pain, has given up the fight and is leaving the area.ГЈВҖВҚ

Another deserter had appeared.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 855 ---

Chapter 855: A Choice of Three (5)

Creed Allen.

An early member who joined after meeting me during the wave when I was separated from the Anabada Clan.

ГўВҖВңWhat do you think youГўВҖВҷre doing!ГўВҖВқ

A nearby knight noticed his desertion and hurriedly called out to him, but it wasnГўВҖВҷt enough to persuade the man.

ГўВҖВңGet back hereГўВҖВҰ! CanГўВҖВҷt you see that thing? We can winГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWin, my ass! CanГўВҖВҷt you see? No one can kill that monsterГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

It was obvious what line of thought had led him to that conclusion.

The extreme pain had warped his judgment.

If that monster was truly an unkillable being, then his own escape would be justified.

ГўВҖВңI, IГўВҖВҷve done enoughГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

With those final words, the man vanished, following the escape route pioneered by his seniors.

ГўВҖВңDamn it.ГўВҖВқ

To say I was flabbergasted was an understatement.

Not only did I save him when he was on the brink of death, but I even turned a blind eye when he did nothing and freeloaded, and this is how he repays me? By betraying us? And at a moment when we need every hand we can get?

ГўВҖВҳThis is why I hate roguesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

My heart felt truly desolate, but thinking of our time together, I decided to try my best to understand.

Because I had just realized somethingГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAaaaaaaah!ГўВҖВқ

At some point, the song had changed.

ГЈВҖВҢMaria Shuare Elloid has cast [Wind and Light that Caress Wounds].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFor the duration of the song, all characters within range will receive a Healing (High) effect.ГЈВҖВҚ

As the injuries of the melee fighters grew uncontrollably worse, it seemed the main force had decided to increase the healing power.

Well, I had no intention of blaming them for that.

In fact, I thought it was the right decision.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHow bitter.ГўВҖВҷ

The situation was so dire that the absence of even one useless rogue felt like a loss, leaving a bitter taste in my mouth.

Worse still, his actions seemed to have significantly dampened everyoneГўВҖВҷs fighting spirit.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

No one said a word, but I could feel their eyes darting around.

Wondering if someone else would bolt.

Wondering if it would be better for them to run first, rather than watch it happen.

Swoooosh!

Even amidst the sprouting suspicion and dark thoughts, the torrential rain continued.

The knights and all the other melee fighters desperately dished out damage, but that tenacious creature just wouldnГўВҖВҷt die.

No, beyond not dyingГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAarghГўВҖВҰ! No matter how much I cut it, it just regenerates!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSomeone do something! Curse it or whatever!ГўВҖВқ

At some point, the speed at which its body healed surpassed the rate at which we inflicted new wounds.

Open wounds closed, severed limbs grew back, and its crushed face reformed.

ГўВҖВңThe rainГўВҖВҰ I think itГўВҖВҷs gotten a little weakerГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Moreover, the downpour that had been falling like mad had lost some of its intensity.

Simply put, it meant the creatureГўВҖВҷs HP had recovered quite a bit.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs, itГўВҖВҷs no use! It keeps getting tougher, and now my blade canГўВҖВҷt even cut it well!ГўВҖВқ

The already wavering fighting spirit sank even lower.

But still, we had to press on.

Even if its life had already begun to recover, and all our efforts now only served to slightly slow that recovery.

ГўВҖВңDo not fall back!! We just have to hold on a little longer!!ГўВҖВқ

I continued to shout, maintaining the front line.

Because if we waited, the time would come.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰ! ItГўВҖВҷs ready!ГўВҖВқ

The good news came from the lips of Ainar, who had been diligently thrusting her spear.

ГўВҖВңThen what are you waiting for! Hurry up andГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Just as I was about to tell her to shoot.

Whoooooosh!

ГЈВҖВҢOn the next strike, the ГўВҖВҳSoul TrackerГўВҖВҷ effect will be added.ГЈВҖВҚ

The spear, having reached full stack again, shot past my head like lightning and lodged itself in the creatureГўВҖВҷs body.

This was truly the final gambit.

Thump!

I wondered what would happen.

It was a strike that had instantly brought the creature, which had recovered 20% of its HP after finishing [Self-Pity], to a near-death state.

Could this one blow end its life?

Puuuuuuush!

The green spear, carrying everyoneГўВҖВҷs hopes, dug deep into the monsterГўВҖВҷs torso.

[KieeeeeeeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!!]

It must have been a truly fatal blow, as the creature let out a scream of agony.

Swoooooooooosh!

The rain, which had been gradually subsiding, once again grew as fierce as before.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe HP of the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, is below 1%.ГЈВҖВҚ

That was all.

It let out a terrible scream, but its body did not disappear.

In other wordsГўВҖВҰ

Plan B.

No, the Tetrasea raid had failed.

***

The raid had failed.

The reason was all too clear.

We lacked the firepower.

We had poured everything we had into it, but in the end, it wasnГўВҖВҷt enough.

Now, no matter what we did, it was impossible to kill that monster.

Therefore, it was wiser to consider how to minimize our losses rather than continue the raid.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A sense of regret lingered.

We had truly come so close.

Like a full cup of water about to overflow, it only needed a few more drops.

If only that rogue hadnГўВҖВҷt run awayГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВҳStop it.ГўВҖВҷ

I had to accept the result.

I did the best I could.

So, any more regret from here would just be pathetic.

Swoooooooosh!

If that rogue had fought hard until the end.

Yes, perhaps that single tick of damage could have changed the outcome of this battle.

But that line of thinking was a bottomless pit.

If the six members of the Jagged Tooth Clan hadn't run.

If Armin had handled it better, or if I had stepped in earlier and managed the situation, if the mage hadn't provoked the first deserter.

If we had cast the mental protection spell sooner.

Or, if I hadnГўВҖВҷt obsessed over the name ГўВҖВҳHansГўВҖВҷ and had actively accepted the forces from the Golden Ghost Clan.

If things had gone that way, todayГўВҖВҷs raid would have been a success.

By now, we would have been laughing and joking about what Essences and Floor Lord Artifacts dropped.

But, so what?

If I keep tracing things back like that, IГўВҖВҷll inevitably reach the conclusion that we shouldnГўВҖВҷt have undertaken this expedition in the first place.

SoГўВҖВҰ

Grit.

It was time to admit defeat.

ГўВҖВңThe raid has failed! Everyone, regroup with the main force immediately!ГўВҖВқ

Forcing my unwilling mouth open, I announced our defeat to everyone.

However, there was no particular stir.

They all knew it even before I said it.

That this raid had been a miserable failure.

ГўВҖВңWhat do we do now?ГўВҖВқ

After the melee fighters had swiftly moved to the main force to avoid the pouring acid rain, that question was thrown at me.

However, this time, I couldnГўВҖВҷt answer easily.

What should we do from now on?

While I was pondering that question, there was a group that had made their decision a step faster than me.

ГўВҖВңSorry, but weГўВҖВҷll be leaving first.ГўВҖВқ

It was the Illuma Clan, who had joined us while being sucked in by the [Earthen Body] in the Eternal Hall.

With three of their members dead, leaving only a Tank, a Summoner, and a Priest, they boldly declared their desertion.

ГўВҖВңWhat? What do you mean by that! Once the collapse begins, we can shake off that monster!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat may be so. But what happens after that? We donГўВҖВҷt know when the stabilization period will end. What if the collapse begins while weГўВҖВҷre waiting like this? Can we even hold on in our current state?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo, so what if you leave? What are you going to do after you leave? ItГўВҖВҷs not like you have a better plan, do you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe plan to look for the Golden Ghost Clan, just like the ones who ran away earlier. That will likely offer a higher chance of survival.ГўВҖВқ

It was a very reasonable and logical argument.

Even Armin, who had been the first to get angry, couldnГўВҖВҷt offer a rebuttal.

ГўВҖВңWe are grateful for the care youГўВҖВҷve shown us until now, but we believe we have fulfilled our duty by trusting the Viscount and seeing this battle through to the end.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have to get my companions back alive.ГўВҖВқ

In the end, Armin could no longer hold them back, and soon, they too left the battlefield, following the escape route.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңSince it has come to this, we have no choice either.ГўВҖВқ

The next to go was the 4th Company of the Third Royal Knight Division.

ГўВҖВңFor the survival of the battalion, we will retract the command authority that was transferred to Viscount Yandel. Furthermore, in accordance with Article 39 of the Military LawГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The speech was long, but it boiled down to one thing: they were leaving to save their own skins.

Indeed, not long after, the 4th Company leaped off the cliff like paratroopers in a disciplined manner and vanished.

The rest was a given.

ГўВҖВңS-sorryГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The Supernatural Ability user, Maze Liner.

ГўВҖВңMy apologiesГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷve used up all my mana anyway, so I wonГўВҖВҷt be of much help from now on!ГўВҖВқ

The Special Mage, Elbain Cutter.

And several other survivors who didnГўВҖВҷt belong to any particular group.

Like people whose turn had come in a waiting line, they threw themselves off the cliff one by one.

Sizzzzzle!

All of this happened while I was getting hit by TetraseaГўВҖВҷs basic attacks, my whole body melting from the pain of the [Teardrop].

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou goddamn bastards!! Bjorn! Why are you stopping me! Just say the word and IГўВҖВҷll chase them down and smash their heads in right now!!ГўВҖВқ

There was no need to get as furious as Ainar.

Putting aside what I had done for them.

ГўВҖВҳBecause it was the natural choice.ГўВҖВҷ

We were a group that had united to survive.

They werenГўВҖВҷt a close-knit group like the Anabada Clan, but third parties with no other ties.

The choice they would make at a crossroads of survival was already determined.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI guess these guys are the strange ones.ГўВҖВҷ

Putting my disappointment aside, I subtly checked on those who still remained.

ArminГўВҖВҷs entire expedition.

Ainar and Bear Uncle.

The Priestess, Maria Shuare Elloid.

Hmm, she probably stayed out of religious conscienceГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhy didnГўВҖВҷt you go with them?ГўВҖВҷ

My gaze met his, and as I asked him with my eyes, an answer I hadnГўВҖВҷt expected came back.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm a bit tired of following trends now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd didnГўВҖВҷt you promise, putting your honor on the line? That if we just hold on, you would never make an issue of todayГўВҖВҷs events, even after we return to the city.ГўВҖВқ

The vice-captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan, Malid Kevron.

Does this guy want to atone for something?

I couldnГўВҖВҷt tell, but as he stated his reason, another person next to him spoke up with his own unasked-for reason.

ГўВҖВңAn, an achieeeevement!!ГўВҖВқ

The Guild Master, Iria Adnus.

Right, this old man was here too.

I never thought heГўВҖВҷd choose to stay in this situation, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIf I go back without leaving a proper achievement, IГўВҖВҷm a dead man anyway!ГўВҖВқ

True, from what I had found out, this old man had embezzled so much that the moment he stepped down from his position as Guild Master, his execution was guaranteed.

ГўВҖВңBesides, you must have a plan, right? You didnГўВҖВҷt stop them from leaving!ГўВҖВқ

It seemed this old man was a much more hopeful person than I had thoughtГўВҖВҰ

Smirk.

I have no such thing.

If I had a plan, I would have said something to keep anyone from leaving.

Alright, I have a grasp of what to do now.

ГўВҖВңArmin!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount, donГўВҖВҷt worry! No matter what happens, we will stay until the end.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰWhat is he talking about.

I appreciate the sentiment, but.

ГўВҖВңEnough! You take the remaining people and leave! Ainar! Same goes for you!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰ? What, what are you talking about!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt get excited! IГўВҖВҷm not saying IГўВҖВҷm going to die here! LetГўВҖВҷs meet alive in the city! Until then, youГўВҖВҷre in charge of taking care of Abman!ГўВҖВқ

Did she understand that I meant every man for himself?

Ainar didnГўВҖВҷt answer right away, seeming to think for a moment beforeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңGot it! DonГўВҖВҷt worry about Urakburak!!!ГўВҖВқ

Yes, this is the advantage of a Barbarian.

That wasnГўВҖВҷt a cold judgment, but an idealistic one.

She believed my words that I would definitely return alive, 100%.

ГўВҖВңHow do you plan to handle this aloneГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have my ways, so donГўВҖВҷt worry! ItГўВҖВҷs more of a disadvantage with you guys here, so donГўВҖВҷt get any funny ideas and hurry up!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI will see you in the city.ГўВҖВқ

When I shouted in a firm tone, Armin seemed to think he had no choice and led the remaining people off the cliff.

ГўВҖВңBjorn!! DonГўВҖВҷt get hurt too badly!!!ГўВҖВқ

After AinarГўВҖВҷs cheer from below the cliff, no more sounds were heard.

ГўВҖВҳDonГўВҖВҷt get hurt too badly, she says.ГўВҖВҷ

Is that really something you say to a tank?

ItГўВҖВҷs absurd no matter how I think about it, but I guess thatГўВҖВҷs just like Ainar.

I calmed my emotions and checked my surroundings.

There was no longer a beautiful hymn.

Only an eerie melody filled the torrential downpour.

ГўВҖВңAlone again, huhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I chuckled and put on the ГўВҖВҳCrown of AnguishГўВҖВҷ first.

There was no Priest to heal me anymore, anyway.

I had to take care of my own mental health.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has equipped No.???? Crown of Anguish.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢTotal Item Level has increased by ???.ГЈВҖВҚ

AlrightГўВҖВҰ wearing this definitely seems to have cleared my head a bit.

I looked at the only other being left in this canyon.

ГўВҖВңHey, just because I stopped dealing damage for a second, look at you, all healed up on the outside.ГўВҖВқ

As someone who had been beating it senseless just a moment ago, it was a profoundly demoralizing sight.

Judging by the amount of rainfall, the creatureГўВҖВҷs current HP was estimated to be around 20%...

ГўВҖВңWhat, why arenГўВҖВҷt you attacking?ГўВҖВқ

For some reason, the creature just stood there, glaring at me.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, expresses a question.ГЈВҖВҚ

Surprisingly, human words came out of its mouth.

[WhyГўВҖВҰ]

An Ancient Language that most people wouldnГўВҖВҷt understand.

The pronunciation was poor, perhaps due to its oral structure.

Anyway.

[Are, you, smilingГўВҖВҰ]

The creature clearly spoke in human words, and for a moment, I could only be dumbfounded.

ГўВҖВҳWhatГўВҖВҷs with this bastard all of a sudden?ГўВҖВҷ

I hadnГўВҖВҷt expected this kind of situation at all.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 856 ---

Episode 856: A Choice of Three (6)

After being left alone, my plan was very simple.

Hunker down.

It was something I'd done often, and something I, with my Shield Barbarian class, was best at.

The basis for this judgment was the current time.

It was already well past the eight hours of the guaranteed stabilization period.

If I just held on a little longer, the stabilization period would end, and as soon as the wave started, I planned to ditch this bastard and jump over the dimensional wall.

And after that.

ГўВҖВҳIf I run around, I'm bound to find a group of survivors.ГўВҖВҷ

Once I found them, joining wouldn't be difficult.

After all, who would turn down a talent like me?

Ah, of course, if I was unlucky, there was a possibility I'd step on an instant-death trap and get a game over before that.

However, on the other hand, if I was lucky, I might be able to find Misha or the Anabada Clan somewhere out there.

Hmm...?

Yes, that was definitely my plan.

So what in the world is this situation?

ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰ

The creature's blue eyeball stared intently at me.

As if it were waiting for an answer to its previous question.

ГўВҖВҳOhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I suddenly realized that my surroundings had gone quiet.

I couldn't hear the sound of the rain, nor the sharp wind that whipped through the canyon.

The reason was very intuitive.

ГўВҖВҳIt stoppedГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

A world where everything had frozen as if a picture had been taken.

The only things moving in it were me and that blue-eyed monster.

ГўВҖВҳA hallucination?ГўВҖВҷ

That was the first possibility that came to mind.

If my head had gone crazy again, it would explain why time suddenly felt like it had stopped, or why that monster suddenly started talking to me.

ButГўВҖВҰ

The characterГўВҖВҷs Mental Resistance is at its maximum.

Special Condition - Equivalent Exchange is met.

As I thought, it couldn't be a hallucination.

The Crown of Anguish was an item that provided an immunity bonus to all harmful mental effects.

Its performance had also been verified through numerous uses.

Not even the Evil Eye, who possessed a Rank 1 Essence, could penetrate this crown.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

[An, swer, meГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

This whole moment unfolding now must be reality.

I don't know what kind of harmony this is, but time had actually stopped, and in that stopped time, the creature was asking.

[WhyГўВҖВҰ can youГўВҖВҰ smileГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

ГўВҖВҰ

How should I answer this?

No, is it even right to answer?

ГўВҖВҳWonГўВҖВҷt something bad happen if I answer carelessly?ГўВҖВҷ

That worry made me hesitate to open my mouth, but thinking it over, what more could go wrong from here?

Wasn't I in a situation with no other choice but to hold out alone until the wave started?

Besides, you never know.

During the ГўВҖВҳDreadfearГўВҖВҷ encounter, hadn't a trigger I was unaware of activated, allowing me to converse with a being presumed to be the original?

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

[An, swer meГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

Wh, yГўВҖВ•.]

Looking at the monster that tirelessly spat out the same question, I answered in the Ancient Language.

[WellГўВҖВҰ it's better than bawling my eyes out, isn't it?]

It was my honest feeling, without any embellishment.

It wasn't a bluff; what was I supposed to do when the tears just wouldn't come?

[Anyway, now it's my turn to ask.]

ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰ

[Are you the ГўВҖВҳoriginalГўВҖВҷ?]

The creature just stared at me silently, offering no reply.

Hmph, is it because heГўВҖВҷs an uneducated monster?

When your opponent answers a question, it's common sense that it's your turn to ansГўВҖВ•.

[W, rongГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

Huh? Not the original?

Just as I thought that.

[The reason, you can smile, isГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

The creature continued.

[Simply, because, it is not, that, pain, ful.]

What is this bastard talking about?

If you were going to make such assumptions, why did you even ask the question?

My head was already starting to ache from its conversation style, which suggested it had zero friends, but I held back and continued the conversation.

[So what is it you want to say?]

Honestly, I was curious.

Why this creature, presumed to be the original, would go as far as to stop time to try and have a conversation.

The Twisted Pilgrim makes you an offer.

Then, the creature looked at me and said.

[I will give, itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

For some reason, with much better pronunciation than before.

[I will give it to you, the pain I possessГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

At first, I thought it was a declaration of war, a promise to torment me severely, but the situation that followed showed me that wasn't its meaning.

Whoooosh~!

A blue orb was being extracted from within the creature's body as if forcibly pulled out.

If I wasn't mistaken, that wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThe Essence of TearsГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

What in the world is this situation?

Why is it suddenly offering me its essence?

It was hard to follow the development, but let's try to give a quick answer first.

[I don't need it, so cut it out right now!]

Tsk, who does a lord from the measly sixth floor think he is, offering me an essence?

I recoiled in horror, stepping back, afraid that my hand might even touch the essence.

Of course, the Essence of Tears wasn't bad, and it was undoubtedly a good essence for a tank, butГўВҖВҰ

Still, I strongly refused.

First, you could only have one Floor Lord Essence per character, and once consumed, it was impossible to remove.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhy would I take it when thereГўВҖВҷs a better option?ГўВҖВҷ

For one, the concept didn't fit.

What a Shield Barbarian pursues is a tank so tough that its HP doesn't drop, but the moment I consumed that, I would turn into a soft-fleshed tank whose HP regenerates quickly.

Well, it wasn't completely useless, so if that essence happened to drop first, I'd usually just take it.

It was a good essence, just with a slightly lower endgame potential.

Besides, that other essence was much harder to obtain, and I'd gotten a game over many times before I could get it.

In terms of cost-effectiveness, this one was much better.

[Hey, hey? I said don'tГўВҖВҰ!]

However, there were two reasons why I was freaking out like this and even stepping back.

Ultimately, I had only reached the Gate of the Abyss when I had consumed that other essence and raised my peak potential, andГўВҖВҰ

This wasn't a 2D game.

It was a hundred times better to choose tough skin that doesn't get cut over skin that regenerates quickly when cut.

Because that way, it hurts even a little bit less!

[Ah, damn itГўВҖВҰ Won't you back off? Huh? I said cut it out! I'm not taking it!]

As I stepped back and even shouted, did my sincerity get through to the creature?

WhooooshГўВҖВ”.

The essence that had been extracted from its body and was slowly approaching me stopped moving.

"HooГўВҖВҰ"

Just as I was breathing a sigh of relief, thinking I had stopped it, the creature looked at me with a questioning gaze.

[Why, do you refuseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?]

[ГўВҖВҰBecause I don't need it.]

[This pain, will, pro, tect, you, moreГўВҖВҰ.]

Ah, I don't know about that.

If you're going to give me something, I wish it were something else.

You have things like Floor Lord Artifacts, don't you?

A Floor Lord Stone that lets you open a Rift once would also be nice.

[Ac, cept, your, fateГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

Hmph, what fate?

Why are you so clingy when I said I'm not buying?

At this point, I couldn't be nice anymore.

[What are you talking about? I've made myself clear.

I don't need it, so cut it out.]

As I looked it in the eye and spoke firmly, the creature finally retracted the extracted essence.

Whooosh-

Hmph, it only listens when I speak harshly.

ГўВҖВҳStill, I'm glad it wasn't a forced event.ГўВҖВҷ

As I watched the essence get completely absorbed back into the creature's body and breathed a sigh of relief, the creature's mouth opened.

[Even so, you will not, be able to, avoid itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

Tsk, has it still not given up?

[Just, as I, could notГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

I felt like it was putting a curse on me, but my refusal seemed to have been clearly communicated, as the situation immediately changed.

You have refused the offer of the Twisted Pilgrim.

Your Soul Power permanently increases by +100.

Along with the sensation of my MP increasing as if I had leveled up.

The Twisted Pilgrim pities you.

The sadness deepens.

The stopped time gradually accelerated.

The rainwater headed slowly toward the ground, like flipping through consecutively shot photos.

Plink.

From somewhere not too far away, I heard the sound of a single drop of water hitting the ground, and with this as a starting point, the flow of time returned to normal.

Swoooosh!

The pouring rain.

The eerie harmony of the flowers.

And on top of that, a single shriek.

[KieeeeeeekГўВҖВ”!!]

Seeing the creature screaming as usual, I sensed that the ГўВҖВҳeventГўВҖВҷ was over.

Of course, questions remained.

What was the trigger for this event?

ГўВҖВҳI really have no idea.ГўВҖВҷ

It wasn't that I had no clues, but that I had too many, which made it more confusing.

Dimensional Collapse.

The fifth floor, not the sixth.

The Tear of the Goddess used during the raid.

The Crown of Anguish on my headГўВҖВҰ

There wasn't just one, but several settings that had never been met in the game.

Also, not only thatГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThe curse at the end is also unsettlingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Something about an unavoidable fate.

Because it contained the wording that bothered me the most, it kept nagging at m-.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВ”nk.ГўВҖВҷ

Just as my train of thought reached that point.

A jet-black flash burst out from somewhere.

FlashГўВҖВ”!

It dyed the entire world black.

***

_ - has cast [Star's Annihilation].

***

My vision was blurry, and the world was tilted.

I could feel the clammy touch of the earth against my cheek.

Like someone just waking up from anesthesia, I just blinked my eyes, and a human shadow fell over the ground.

Beeeeeeep-

Someone came near me.

Not one person, but several.

They seemed to be talking, but I couldn't hear them properly.

BeeeeeeeeeeeeepГўВҖВ”!

What, is this situation?

What in the world happened to me?

My head wasn't working properly.

The shattered fragments of my memory were scattered everywhere, refusing to come together.

However, amidst it all, one thing was certainГўВҖВҰ

Black.

The fierce flash I saw at the end.

I'm sure I'd seen it somewhere beforeГўВҖВҰ

"Last hit, yaГўВҖВ”!"

My senses were recovering, and the sounds were getting clearer.

As they did, I focused on trying to get my eyes in focus.

A world made only of black and white, as if the organ that distinguished colors was broken.

Slowly.

Just then, my weakly blinking eyes flew wide open.

Not by my will, but by another's.

"Hey, Old Man! Ar- yo- com- plet- ly- go- ne?"

Someone squatting in front of me was pulling my eyelids open with their fingers.

The culprit's identity was someone I knew.

Thanks to him bringing his head close, he came into my field of vision.

"ГўВҖВҰYou."

"Oh, you're coming to your senses now? Yeah, it's me! Hyung!"

"How are youГўВҖВҰ"

"Here? Hmm, let's just say it's a coincidence! Actually, I found you a while ago, but the situation was so fun I was just watching."

He laughed, looking more joyful than ever.

"By the way, your friends were amazing too, Hyung. Even the last ones who stayed. They acted all loyal, but when you told them to go, they just scurried off, didn't they?"

This is my chance.

He's off guard.

Even though he could harm me right now, his characteristic arrogance is granting me time.

SoГўВҖВҰ

"Hyung, is this right? You told me to live properly. Shouldn't you be the one living properly first?"

I must quickly come to my senses.

To survive.

Just like that day I opened my eyes during the Barbarian tribe's coming-of-age ceremony.

"Hey, can't you hear me?"

First piece of information.

[Hmm, let's just say it's a coincidence!]

His presence here is not a coincidence.

Of course, I have no idea how he could have pinpointed my location during a Dimensional Collapse.

But let's judge that part laterГўВҖВҰ

"Why aren't you answering? Ah, are you wracking your brain trying to figure out how to survive? Well, that's like youГўВҖВҰ but it'll be tough."

"ГўВҖВҰ"

"You know how good my old man is, right? While you were out cold, my old man completely wrecked your insides."

Second piece of information, my body is currently completely wrecked.

No, at least Lee Baekho believes so.

ГўВҖВҳIt's not the worst.ГўВҖВҷ

As a tank who has been beaten and injured countless times, I can say for sure after checking my body's condition.

It's a pretty serious situation, that's true.

But not to the extent that Lee Baekho could speak so confidently.

ГўВҖВҳHe probably underestimated my HP or something.ГўВҖВҷ

Slowly, my thoughts became more coherent, and the sensations of my body also recovered.

The background, which had been blurry because my eyes couldn't focus, gradually came into sharp relief.

ГўВҖВҳWell, I did wonder why the rain seemed to have stoppedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Third piece of information, the Lord of Tears is already dead.

You have defeated the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

EXP +100.

Floor Lord Defeat Bonus.

EXP +15.

I couldn't tell if there was any other loot.

However, the creature did drop an essence, andГўВҖВҰ

"Alright, it's done here."

It was even contained within a vial.

The old man of ruin appeared from behind Lee Baekho, holding out a vial swirling with a blue light.

Just then, a voice came from another direction.

With my limited field of vision, I couldn't see the face, but having spent some time with them, I could tell just by the voice.

"Sir Baekho! Can't you really give it to me? I've been doing a great job so far, haven't I? If you give it to me, I'll do even better in the future!"

Lee Baekho's team's main tank, Rek Aures.

"HaГўВҖВҰ I've been telling you for days, yet you're whining again."

Lee Baekho frowned and gave his refusal.

And he received the vial from the old man of ruin.

No, to be preciseГўВҖВҰ

"I told you, I have other plans for it."

"ГўВҖВҰ"

Just as he turned his shoulder and was about to reach out his hand.

Dash.

Pretending to be dazed with my eyes unfocused and lying flat on the ground, I dashed forward as if sliding and reached out my hand.

Crash~!

The shattering vial seemed like my future.

An essence I had persistently refused even when its owner offered it directly.

Perhaps, someday, when I look back at this moment, a moment of regret might come.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI don't know what you were planning to use it for.ГўВҖВҷ

Looking at Lee Baekho's wide eyes, seemingly very flustered, I cleanly erased even a trace of regret.

Yes, let's not doubt it.

This is the right thing to do.

No matter what hardships may unfold hereafter.

"You son of a...!"

Damn right, I can't stand to see this bastard succeed.

The [Essence of Tears] deeply permeates the character's soul.

Natural Regeneration increases by +1,500.

Pain Resistance decreases by -150ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 857 ---

Chapter 857: A Choice of Three (7)

How long has it been since I last consumed an Essence?

I donГўВҖВҷt know the exact date, but the sensation of an Essence being absorbed feels particularly unfamiliar.

ItГўВҖВҷs as if something hot is being injected into my heart through my veins.

Ah, is it just different because itГўВҖВҷs a Floor Lord Essence?

Thump-

My heart is still pounding.

But since IГўВҖВҷve already done it, I shouldnГўВҖВҷt have any regrets.

LetГўВҖВҷs focus on the positives.

Right, even with the Corpse Golem, after I ate it, I found it quite useful, didnГўВҖВҷt I?

ГЈВҖВҢHighest ability stat has been changed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's Natural Regeneration has increased by 1.5 times.ГЈВҖВҚ

Thanks to my Natural Regeneration, which must have far surpassed my Strength and Physical Resistance stats, my near-death condition is recovering in real-time, as if several Priests were working on me.

And the look on that bastardГўВҖВҷs face, as if heГўВҖВҷd just eaten shit, is a bonus.

ГўВҖВңYou hadГўВҖВҰ an emptyГўВҖВҰ Essence slotГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Lee Baekho, who had been dazed, finally came to his senses and started muttering something.

From the sound of it, one of the reasons he was so careless was that he naturally assumed I had no empty slots.

Well, at our level, itГўВҖВҷs common to store a desired Essence in a vial and absorb it in the city.

To increase our combat power even slightly, we enter the Labyrinth with our Essence slots completely full.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBurp.ГўВҖВқ

Ooh, is it because my organs have healed?

I keep burping.

ГўВҖВңAh, thanks, Baekho. I enjoyed the meal. You can buy next time.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

Before Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҷs dumbfounded expression could turn to anger, I quickly stood up.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAh, right. There are a lot of new faces here.ГўВҖВқ

I glanced over Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҷs companions, the ones I had seen on the island when I used the Spirit Gate, making brief eye contact with them.

ГўВҖВңI donГўВҖВҷt know what kind of bastards you are, but choose your friends more carefully. Huh? What is this, really. You couldnГўВҖВҷt find anyone better to stick with than this good-for-nothing punk, tsk.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf I see you with this bastard next time, youГўВҖВҷll be in real trouble, so think carefully! Got it?ГўВҖВқ

After saying my piece, I stretched my arms out wide.

One of Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҷs companions muttered.

It was the Dwarf from Orculis.

ГўВҖВңNext timeГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYeah, next time, you punk.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt tell me you think you can escape from here alive.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDo I look like IГўВҖВҷm trying to run away to you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThenГўВҖВҰ do you intend to fight all of usГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

The Dwarf took a defensive stance, seemingly intimidated by my presence even as he thought it was absurd.

The timing was perfect.

ГўВҖВҳOkay, now that the warm-up is overГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I spread my arms wide to find my balance.

Tap.

And just like that, I jumped.

Whoooosh~!

As my view tilted towards the ceiling, I saw Lee BaekhoГўВҖВҷs face as he rushed to the edge of the cliff.

However, there were no third-rate lines like ГўВҖВҳJust you wait.ГўВҖВҷ

He just stood there, silently looking down at my falling figure.

Feeling somewhat awkward, I simply raised my middle finger as a signal to him.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou said you werenГўВҖВҷt running awayГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

From far away, I heard the DwarfГўВҖВҷs shout.

ГўВҖВҳWhat is he talking about.ГўВҖВҷ

IГўВҖВҷm not running away right now.

ItГўВҖВҷs just that I ate a new Essence.

ГўВҖВҳI have to test its performance.ГўВҖВҷ

Yes, thatГўВҖВҷs all.

***

The heavy body of a Barbarian, clad even in heavy armor, chased the source of gravity.

Ah, to put it simply.

Whoooooooosh~!

I am falling at a terrifying speed.

By now, I should have hit or gotten caught on something, but thereГўВҖВҷs nothing of the sort, justГўВҖВҰ

My body accelerates endlessly.

This is another characteristic of the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has deviated from the designated path for a certain period.ГЈВҖВҚ

In a normal environment, thereГўВҖВҷs a terminal velocity when falling.

Due to air resistance, the maximum speed cannot increase any further, butГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe darkness of the Great Demon Realm pulls you in.ГЈВҖВҚ

ThereГўВҖВҷs no such thing on this floor.

When you fall, your acceleration increases endlessly in proportion to the time spent falling, and during this time, you canГўВҖВҷt use floating Magic or Spatial Magic.

ItГўВҖВҷs a very fucked up consideration from the LabyrinthГўВҖВҷs designer.

If not for this, I could have skipped the Fifth Floor in an instant with floating Magic or something similar.

ГўВҖВҳThe Fifth Floor is the only place where you canГўВҖВҷt even use a [Flying Ship].ГўВҖВҷ

In any case, because of this characteristic, explorers passing through the Great Demon Realm are most wary of falling to their death.

After all, if you fall in the wrong place, itГўВҖВҷs just game over.

ГўВҖВҳBut how long am I going to keep falling?ГўВҖВҷ

It feels like a good thirty seconds have already passed.

It makes me think that the first person to escape this way was truly amazing.

To take all these risks and succeed in a random jump.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰOr am I just unlucky?ГўВҖВқ

I donГўВҖВҷt know, but I decided not to worry about it.

For the previous Shield Barbarian, this random jump would have been a life-or-death gamble, butГўВҖВҰ

Not anymore.

Anyway, since I donГўВҖВҷt feel a great sense of crisis while falling, other thoughts keep popping up.

ГўВҖВҳThe Essence of TearsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

SighГўВҖВҰ I donГўВҖВҷt know whether to call this a good thing.

It was satisfying to screw Lee Baekho over, but IГўВҖВҷm a little worried about what comes next.

It would be one thing if it were any other Essence, but this is a Floor Lord Essence.

Once you eat it, you canГўВҖВҷt remove it.

ГўВҖВҳAnd itГўВҖВҷs an Essence with a very strong personalityГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

First of all, the Essence of Tears is optimized for melee warriors.

Its raw stats prove it.

Natural Regeneration +1,500

Pain Resistance -150.

Mental Power -150.

HP +150.

HmmГўВҖВҰ setting aside Mental Power and Pain Resistance.

The Natural Regeneration stat is insane.

ItГўВҖВҷs practically impossible to find a similar stat on a single Essence.

Thanks to this, the stability of melee combat increases drastically, and the high HP stat turns you into an immortal-like body that doesnГўВҖВҷt get tired easily.

And is that all?

It can become a damage dealerГўВҖВҷs core Essence by linking it with [Blood Fiend] or [Crimson Sword], which scale with Natural Regeneration.

It can also turn you into a healer through skills like [Solidarity], which shares a portion of your stats with bonded companions.

ГўВҖВҳIn fact, anyone can use it as long as they build the combination well.ГўВҖВҷ

Ah, of course, excluding tanks.

In the first place, I fed this Essence most often when raising a ranged damage dealer.

Through [Body Abandonment], I converted the highest physical statГўВҖВҰ that is, Natural Regeneration, into the highest Supernatural Ability stat with a 300% bonus to massively boost damage.

After figuring out how to use the Essence of Chaos, I always fed that to my Fairy Archers, but anyway.

ГўВҖВҳThe stats are fine, but the skills are the problemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Surprisingly, the skills of this Essence are far more unique than its stats.

However, it seems this free fall is about to come to an end.

IГўВҖВҷll try out the active skills later.

ГўВҖВҳFirst, letГўВҖВҷs start with the passivesГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВҷ

My thoughts did not continue any further.

It was for a very physical reason.

ГЈВҖВҢThe noble guardian has determined the wearerГўВҖВҷs life is in danger.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢFor 10 seconds, all of the character's resistance stats will increase tenfold.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Aegis Dragon Armor activated and all that.

Crack!!

Because my head exploded.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's HP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCommencing countdown.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe condition for [Disapproval] has been met.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDuring the countdown, Natural Regeneration will greatly increase in proportion to the Mental Power stat.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Natural Regeneration stat is 5,000 or higherГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ.......ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ.......ГЈВҖВҚ

***

Deep underground.

The very bottom of the Great Demon Realm.

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

When I came to my senses, I was covered in blood.

The equipment that didnГўВҖВҷt have the Indestructible property was so shattered that I was worried about the repair costs.

And more than I had expected.

ГўВҖВңIt hurts more, damn itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Perhaps because of my lowered Pain Resistance, it hurt so much that it was difficult to move.

You know how it is.

When a bone in your rib or collarbone is shattered, it feels like youГўВҖВҷll die from just a cough.

That pain was blooming all over my body.

ГўВҖВҳSo I have to go through this every time from now onГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

IГўВҖВҷm already sighing, but what can I do.

LetГўВҖВҷs try to look at the bright side.

For example.

ГўВҖВңAck! AaaarghГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

As long as I can endure the pain, I can move.

My broken bones had already mended, and my entire body had recovered enough to function normally.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes 3 Mental Power per second. (555657)ГЈВҖВҚ

The countdown is probably still going on.

[Disapproval] is a skill that causes your regeneration to skyrocket when your HP reaches 0%, but the countdown only ends when your HP reaches 10%.

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes 3 Mental Power per second. (552657)ГЈВҖВҚ

Ah, for reference, I found all this out through experimentation.

In the game, it just ends with a single sentence.

(P) Disapproval - You have not yet been permitted.

There might be more to it that I donГўВҖВҷt know.

But assuming there was definitely an easter egg, I conducted numerous experiments, and the above was all I found.

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes 3 Mental Power per second. (449657)ГЈВҖВҚ

In that sense, the second passive is a bit better.

At least its effect is clear.

HmmГўВҖВҰ

HmmГўВҖВҰ as a Shield Barbarian, IГўВҖВҷm not sure if I can even call this an effect.

Anyway.

(P) Absolute Pain - Converts 50% of damage dealt and damage received into fixed damage.

My damage is 50% stronger.

My tanking is 50% weaker.

In a way, it looks like a very reasonable trade, but from a Shield BarbarianГўВҖВҷs perspective, itГўВҖВҷs just a fucking loss.

Just because the ratio is the same doesnГўВҖВҷt mean itГўВҖВҷs equal.

If you add 5 to 10 and take away 500 from 1,000, how is that a fair trade?

ГўВҖВҳWell, since they gave a lot of Natural Regeneration in the raw stats, that handicap is somewhat offset, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Now, extreme pain is pretty much guaranteed in every battle.

A path of hardship has truly opened up before me.

At least until I find and eat that one Essence to compensate.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's HP has reached 10%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCountdown terminated.ГЈВҖВҚ

Phew, IГўВҖВҷve recovered this much, so the countdown should be over by nowГўВҖВҰ

Sssk.

I, who had been frozen in a crouch, endured the pain and slowly pushed my body up.

Looking down at the still-wet pools of blood, a sense of despair washed over me again.

ГўВҖВҳHaГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷd rather have gotten [Twisted Patience].ГўВҖВҷ

If so, this Essence might have been included in the final build for the Shield Barbarian.

It hurts like hell, but its performance is killer, isnГўВҖВҷt it?

And I wouldnГўВҖВҷt be the only one in pain.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs a characteristic of Floor Lord Essences, so I canГўВҖВҷt help itГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Floor Lord Essences are different from normal Essences.

Just as [Chaos Circuit] and [Unification] were, with a few exceptions, they come with completely different, bizarre skills that are nothing like what youГўВҖВҷd normally useГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңPhewГўВҖВҰ I feel a bit more alive now.ГўВҖВқ

Still, is it because my regeneration has increased so much?

I donГўВҖВҷt feel any particular pain when moving now.

Which means my body has almost fully recovered.

So, itГўВҖВҷs time to find the next thing to do.

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

The roar I let out with all my might echoes through the canyon.

But no matter how much time passed, no response came, so it seems thereГўВҖВҷs no one around.

ГўВҖВҳWell, thereГўВҖВҷs no way Ainar and the others would be nearby.ГўВҖВҷ

I had just arrived at the end of the Fifth Floor, a journey that takes days, in a single moment through a free fall route.

The ones who escaped first are probably much further ahead.

ГўВҖВҳLetГўВҖВҷs just restГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I thought about wandering around to search the area, but I quickly changed my mind.

Honestly, I was at my limit.

Thud!

So, I found a spot a little away from the bloodstains, lay down spread-eagled, and closed my eyes.

How much time passed?

Zzzzzzzzt!

An unpleasant noise that pierced my ears woke me up, and I saw cracks spreading across the world.

Phew, it really felt like I had just closed my eyes for a moment.

Flash!

The stabilization period was over.

***

Atop the canyon, filled with the stark traces of battle.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A dozen or so men and women gathered on a narrow slope were maintaining an awkward silence, watching one personГўВҖВҷs mood.

But perhaps they didnГўВҖВҷt like the atmosphere.

A warrior approached the man who was looking down at the chasm below and asked cautiously.

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ Sir Baekho? Are you alrightГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

No answer came, and the warrior said nothing more.

How long did that silence last?

Suddenly, the man stared down at the cliff and muttered blankly.

ГўВҖВңWow, this is seriously creepy.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰDonГўВҖВҷt blame yourself. In life, you experience all sorts of things, donГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ

Although the warrior himself was disappointed, he offered words of comfort.

Unfortunately, the man, who seemed completely absorbed in one thing, didnГўВҖВҷt seem to hear him.

ГўВҖВңEverything happened exactly as that old man said, didnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

The warrior tilted his head at the completely disconnected conversation, but only for a moment.

The man, as if snapping out of it, tore his gaze away from the chasm.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAh, so what did you just say? I was lost in thought.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ I was trying to comfort you in my own wayГўВҖВҰ Ahem! ItГўВҖВҷs nothing. But what did you mean by that just now? ГўВҖВҳAs the old man saidГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҰ DidnГўВҖВҷt you say a few days ago that you had a separate use for the Essence of Tears?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo, I just used it for that purpose.ГўВҖВқ

It took the warrior a moment to understand the manГўВҖВҷs words.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYou mean you gave that Essence to him on purpose?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen what? You think IГўВҖВҷm an idiot whoГўВҖВҷd just hand it over in a vial?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLook at this bastard. You really thought I was an idiot, didnГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem, ahemГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The warrior let out an embarrassed cough, but perhaps he felt he still needed to clear up his remaining questions.

ГўВҖВңBut I donГўВҖВҷt understand. Why would you give such a precious thing to him of all people? WasnГўВҖВҷt he Sir BaekhoГўВҖВҷs enemy?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, that hyung thinks so.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ from what you usually say, it seems Sir Baekho thinks the sameГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

At the warriorГўВҖВҷs words, the man just smirked without giving any answer.

But perhaps he wanted to say this much?

ГўВҖВңHey, so you shouldnГўВҖВҷt be too disappointed either. WeГўВҖВҷll get something much more important than that damn Essence from this. Okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ okay, I guessГўВҖВҰ but whatever it is, isnГўВҖВҷt it important to you, Sir Baekho, not meГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre a team, you bastard. If itГўВҖВҷs important to me, itГўВҖВҷs important to you too. Right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTh-ThatГўВҖВҷs true! Hahaha!!ГўВҖВқ

The warriorГўВҖВҷs awkward laughter filled the canyon.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 858 ---

Chapter 858: Terrible News (1)

The starting point was the First Floor's Crystal Cave.

It was the area that served as a kind of tutorial, the first place you experienced upon entering the Labyrinth.

ГўВҖВҳIs this the first time during this CollapseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Normally, Ninth Rank monsters that even an ordinary person could defeat with just a weapon should have appeared, but there was no such thing during a Collapse.

[Grrrrrrr...]

The cave, which should have been filled with the lowest-level monsters like Goblins and Gnomes, was now teeming with high-rank monsters.

Yes, this was one of the unique charms of a Collapse.

Of course, it was completely meaningless.

"Oh, sure, rest."

I completely ignored the monsters that bared their teeth upon discovering my sudden appearance and walked past them.

Though there was an incident in the middle, my basic plan hadn't changed in the slightest.

Kwoong!

I ran.

Until I encountered a group of survivors to take refuge with, or the people I was looking for.

Kwoong, kwoong!

As soon as I broke through the monsters, new terrain and new monsters appeared with it.

But I paid them no mind.

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

I steadfastly pushed through them, forging my own path.

It was the same course of action as when I first split from the Anabada Clan.

The only thing that had changed since then wasГўВҖВҰ

Shuk!

The monstersГўВҖВҷ claws and teeth, their spears and blades, pierced through my tough flesh and lodged themselves inside.

It was because of the new passive I had acquired, Absolute Pain.

ГЈВҖВҢ50% of damage taken is converted to fixed damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

The damage calculation for this skill was quite clear.

Based on the pure damage dealt when hitting a scarecrow with 0 resistance, 50% was taken off first.

The rest of the damage came in, affected by my resistance stat and armor.

And the result was.

"Agh, damn it...!"

It really hurt like hell.

It wasn't as bad as with the Lord of Tears, but the continuous, significant pain was driving me mad.

"Damn it."

My fighting spirit was dwindling.

In a situation where I normally wouldn't have flinched, thinking ГўВҖВҳSo what?ГўВҖВҷ no matter who charged at me, I found myself instinctively wincing at the thought of the intense pain that would follow.

During the battle with the Lord of Tears, I endured it stubbornly because I knew I would be free once the raid was over, but that wasn't the case now.

"......!"

My body instinctively chose to dodge rather than get hit.

It was a fatal flaw for a Tank.

ГўВҖВҳI need to get used to this as quickly as possibleГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Alright, in that sense, I should think of this time alone as an adaptation period andГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

As if diving into ice water for training, I deliberately took hits I could have avoided.

Wounds piled up, and the pain soared accordingly, butГўВҖВҰ

There was no chance of dying.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs HP has reached 100%.ГЈВҖВҚ

No matter how much I was hit or cut, my body immediately recovered to its original state.

To think that Rank 3 and 4 monsters were trying their best to kill me, yet my body regenerated as if I were an immortal.

Of course, I wasn't that happy about it.

If it weren't for this, I would have only gotten a scratch at most!

And I wouldn't have been in this much pain.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs HP has reached 100%.ГЈВҖВҚ

HooГўВҖВҰ Alright, let's stop complaining.

Depending on the situation, there could be advantages and disadvantages, but my basic tanking ability wasn't much different from before.

You could call it a plus-minus zero.

But my damage had increased significantly.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast Swing.ГЈВҖВҚ

The damage coefficient itself was high due to my items and innate Strength, but because I hadn't built any physical penetration or similar stats, my hammer strikes had been less effective against monsters with high durability.

Kwajik-!

With that single blow, which was no different from a basic attack for me, even a Rank 4 monster staggered as if it had a concussion.

ГЈВҖВҢ50% of the damage dealt is converted to fixed damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Of course, no matter how hard I hit, I couldn't one-shot it.

I mean, how much HP does a Rank 4 monster have?

Well, if I was determined to keep wailing on it, I could probably take it down several times faster than usual, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt's a loss if I get hit in the meantime, so IГўВҖВҷll pass.ГўВҖВҷ

Sure, I decided to think of it as a form of training.

But getting surrounded and ganged up on just to grab a few Magic Stones wasn't worth it.

If I needed Experience Points, I could just use something else.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used Aegis Dragon Armor.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГўВҖВҳAegisГўВҖВҷ was summoned by the Dragon Armor.

However, unfortunately, Absolute Pain did not apply to that reliable fellow's greatsword strikes.

After all, item options usually affect Essences, but the reverse was rarely the case.

But this too was a minor issue.

Kwaaaaaaaaaaaang-!

Not only was our ГўВҖВҳAegisГўВҖВҷsГўВҖВҷ damage devastatingly high even without fixed damage.

ГЈВҖВҢAccumulated damage has exceeded a certain threshold.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe use effect will be cast once more.ГЈВҖВҚ

Thanks to my HP being drained and regenerating in real-time, the stacks built up insanely fast.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs like this even though I used it as soon as the cooldown was over.ГўВҖВҷ

Simply put, it meant that it took only five minutes to reach what I previously considered a ГўВҖВҳfull stack.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, the environment of the Dimensional Collapse must have played a big part in this result, butГўВҖВҰ

Anyway, that wasn't what was important.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the counter-attacker.

EXP +6...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Baikundus.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Red Eye.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the Hobgoblin Miner.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Malder Elephant.ГЈВҖВҚ

......

......

Enemies were wiped out every time I activated the Dragon Armor.

The thrill and exhilaration were almost insane.

It felt like a hardcore game had suddenly changed its genre to a hack and slash.

Remembering the past days of only ever getting hit, I found myself smiling without realizing it, forgetting even the pain.

ГўВҖВҳThis is crazy...ГўВҖВҷ

But to pour some cold water on myself so I didn't get too carried away, this was, in fact, a somewhat expected outcome.

Seven Third-Rank Essences that worked in meticulous synergy.

Top-tier Numbers Items and a Secret Numbers that didn't even exist in the game.

And to top it all off, a Floor Lord Essence was added.

I probably would have powered up this much even if I had taken that other Essence.

And it would have been in a way that suited a ГўВҖВҳShield Barbarian,ГўВҖВҷ not this ГўВҖВҳdamage dealerГўВҖВҷ feel.

ГўВҖВңAh...ГўВҖВқ

Thinking that, I suddenly felt my enthusiasm cool down again, so I shifted my thoughts.

Right, no need to get too depressed.

It's a problem that can be somewhat resolved by acquiring a complementary Essence, and this side actually has better synergy with the Dragon Armor...!

ГўВҖВҳAm I bipolar?ГўВҖВҷ

The thought suddenly struck me, but it couldn't be helped.

Pain always had a way of driving people mad.

Hmm, maybe it was the influence of having -150 Mental Power.

My emotions kept fluctuating up and down.

ГўВҖВҳHoo, I refused because I foresaw this happeningГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Dungeon & Stone was a game where you had to develop your character flexibly.

When I got the Essence of the Ogre, it deviated from my original build, but I had a history of just going with it because it was a viable alternative.

In that context, the Essence of Tears was the same.

What if that situation had occurred during the game?

ГўВҖВҳI probably would have accepted the Essence as soon as it was offered.ГўВҖВҷ

I wouldn't have thought about any excuses like the potential being slightly lower, or not knowing what additional events might occur if I accepted the offer.

And yet, for things to end up like this.

"Is it my fate not to live an easy life?"

Still, it couldn't be helped.

I needed that Essence to survive in that situation.

Screwing over Lee Baekho was just a bonus.

ГўВҖВҳNo, wait a minute.

Did I really screw him over?ГўВҖВҷ

Thinking about it again, something felt off.

I was so out of it back then, and there was so little time to think, that I acted impulsively.

ГўВҖВҳThat bastard is definitely not that careless, so could it beГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВҳNah, no way.ГўВҖВҷ

It was a ridiculous leap of logic.

It wasn't just anything, it was a Floor Lord Essence.

What kind of trick could he pull with something so precious?

I should stop thinking like this and do something productive.

Like it or not, I needed to test the performance of this thing.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast Stake.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was an Active Skill that came from absorbing the Essence of Tears.

For reference, this skill had three types.

Physical, Mental, and Supernatural Ability.

The effect of the skill depended on which of the three stats was the highest.

And in my case, without a doubtГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳPhysical.ГўВҖВҷ

There were no other options.

Not only were my Essences all focused on Strength and resistance stats, but this time, my Natural Regeneration had even increased by a whopping 1,500.

Thwack!

At that moment, a transparent stake pierced through my stomach.

I was surprised for a moment, but there was no pain.

It was just a skill effect, after all.

ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance decreases by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the total stat value.ГЈВҖВҚ

This was the effect of the Physical version of Stake.

My Natural Regeneration increased tremendously again.

In fact, with my current resistance stats, it might have increased as much as when Disapproval was activatedГўВҖВҰ

...but for now, I wasn't sure if I should be happy about this.

'Not a Glass-Cannon... more like it.'

Soft flesh.

Yes, my body, which had already become like tofu, had become even softer.

Let's call it, Barbarian Slime Mode-.

Thwack!

...

Huh?

ГЈВҖВҢMagic Resistance decreases by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the decreased value.ГЈВҖВҚ

What is this?

Why did another Stake pierce me?

As I stood frozen by that question.

ThwaaaackГўВ”ВҖ!

A third stake flew from the front, pierced my abdomen, and went deep inside.

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power decreases by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the decreased value.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГўВҖВҳWhat is really going on?ГўВҖВҷ

***

A black DOS screen.

Beep, bee-beep, beep-

With the beeps, white text was etched onto the black background in real-time.

Beep, bee-beep, beep-

The text updated incredibly slowly, one vowel, one consonant at a time, as if it were lagging.

But the old man sitting in front of it showed no signs of boredom as he watched the newly written words.

He stared intently, as if watching something very amusing.

Beep, bee-beep, beep, bee-beep, beep-

After watching the updating 'log' for a long time, the old man finally let out a quiet breath.

As if he had overcome a very important crisis.

"Hoo......."

The old man's sigh seemed somewhat relieved, yet also slightly bitter.

"... So in the end, the protagonist of fate has been decided."

All that was left now was to watch.

Well, it wasn't as if he could do anything differently before, but anyway.

ГўВҖВңNia RafdoniaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The old man continued to watch the words after that.

And he would continue to watch in the future.

Bee-beep, beep, beepГўВҖВ”!

Until those newly written words finally reached their end and stopped.

Endlessly, continuously.

ГЈВҖВҢ...refused the Twisted PilgrimГўВҖВҷs offer.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power is permanentlyГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Twisted Pilgrim pities you.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe sorrow deepens.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ...has cast Star's Annihilation.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Essence of Tears deeply seeps into the characterГўВҖВҷs soul.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSpecial Condition - The Pitied One (1) is fulfilled.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe number of Stakes piercing you increases.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Twisted Pilgrim vanishes from the Labyrinth.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢA new island is added somewhere on the Sixth Floor.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThis is a first-time Achievement.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe great footsteps you have left behind will be engraved on the Stone of Honor and recorded for eternity...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ...ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ...ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 859 ---

Chapter 859: Terrible News (2)

I could not understand it at all.

Why were there three [Stakes] lodged in me, when there should have only been one?

Was the effect slightly different in reality compared to the game?

Shwaaaaaa!

The effect of them scattering into light as soon as they struck me seemed identical to the game...

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

This time, too, the question did not linger long.

It was not because another [Stake] had been shot from somewhere.

It was just...

[Grrrrrr...!]

[Keoheong! Keoheong!]

The monsters that filled the area saw me stop and began to charge all at once, leaving me no choice but to flail in constant agony...

Surprisingly, thanks to that, the question was naturally answered.

ГўВҖВңAah...ГўВҖВқ

I did not know why this phenomenon had occurred.

But...

ГўВҖВңAck, ack...ГўВҖВқ

The three [Stakes] that had now vanished into light.

Those [Stakes] were not a simple visual error; they were all real.

And how could I tell?

Kwaaaaang-!

The magic damage hit hard, as if my Magic Resistance had dropped.

It would likely be difficult to properly utilize the [Scales of Greed] in this state.

Hwoooong~!

My Soul Power must have greatly decreased, as I felt a hollow sensation in my heart.

It was so uncomfortable that it kept bothering me.

But...

ГўВҖВҳWell, the returns are certainly definite, aren't they?ГўВҖВҷ

Even though the fangs of a Rank 3 monster were lodged deep in my eyeball.

Ssk.

The moment the fangs were pulled out, my vision was restored.

Even with a Natural Regeneration Ability of over twenty-five million, the aftereffects of physical loss disappear, but even considering that, this speed was absurd.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Natural Regeneration Ability stat is over 5,000.ГЈВҖВҚ

Thus, I reached a conclusion.

About my current state.

ГЈВҖВҢHyper Regeneration BonusГЈВҖВҚ

I never thought this would activate when I was not even in a countdown.

ГўВҖВңHa...ГўВҖВқ

This is ridiculous.

ГЈВҖВҢThe regeneration speed of physical loss is drastically shortened.ГЈВҖВҚ

I felt the need to correct all my previous judgments.

ГўВҖВңBahella-aaaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

From now on, the Essence of Tears is one with me.

***

I was running through the Labyrinth.

Kuuung, kuuung!

Every step I took, a heavy sound echoed from my ridiculously large body.

[Gweeeeeek!]

As if aggroed by the sound, all sorts of monsters followed me, making bizarre noises.

The accumulating pain made it feel as though the wrinkles on my brow were being tattooed in place, but...

ГўВҖВңEhehehe...ГўВҖВқ

Why did laughter keep bubbling up?

In truth, I knew the answer.

I had just finished experimenting with my stats.

ГўВҖВңKekekeke.ГўВҖВқ

First, the Hyper Regeneration bonus.

Even if an arm was blown off, if I tensed my muscles, a new arm would sprout in one second.

There were absolutely no aftereffects, not even a slight feeling of stiffness, and it was possible to move it in its original condition the moment it grew back.

Of course, it was not without a price.

ГЈВҖВҢA lost body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes 5% of HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

When [Hyper Regeneration] was used, HP was consumed in proportion to the severity of the injury.

However, it was not exactly a loss.

After all, I would lose about that much blood even if my arm were simply cut off.

More importantly, there was something else that was truly crucial.

ГўВҖВңUhit, uhihi...?ГўВҖВқ

A little while ago, I ran into a Rank 2 monster and used it to enter the [Disapproval] state, and in that state, I used a [Stake] to confirm the thing I was most curious about.

ГўВҖВҳI never imagined it, but it really works...?ГўВҖВҷ

My body becoming soft? The pain? Being unable to consume the Floor Lord Essences I wanted?

ГўВҖВңKikik.ГўВҖВқ

Well, I suppose it just was not meant to be.

Honestly, I did not care anymore.

From now on, there was only one thing I needed to worry about.

How I should arrange my final build to raise the potential of the (New) Shield Barbarian even higher.

That was all.

However, that part could wait until I returned to the city, scrubbed myself clean, and contemplated it deeply.

Kuuung, kuuung!

Therefore, I continued to run.

Weaving through the monsters that could never kill me even if I just lay down and slept,

Hwoooong~!

I did not even flinch at the sight of the new terrain that appeared beyond the dimensional wall.

And why would I? Who was I?

ГўВҖВҳThe (New) Shield Barbarian.ГўВҖВҷ

Any trap on any map was fine.

I was confident that I would never die.

As long as it was not the landmine tiles on the Tenth Floor, which had a gimmick that could kill you instantly without a countdown.

ГўВҖВңOh...?ГўВҖВқ

Come to think of it, those do exist, don't they?

ГўВҖВңHmm...ГўВҖВқ

Nah, but surely I will not run into them.

The Labyrinth is so vast.

And even among those tiles, there are only a few instant-death ones.

Kuuung, kuuungГўВ”ВҖ!

Yes, let's ignore that possibility.

Besides, my plan before becoming the ГўВҖВҳ(New) Shield BarbarianГўВҖВҷ was to just keep running, right?

Well, it seemed like I would not need to rely on the group of survivors anymore.

ГўВҖВҳI have to find them.ГўВҖВҷ

My companions were scattered somewhere in this Labyrinth.

Ainar and Bear Uncle, and the rest of Armin's expedition.

The Anabada Clan.

And finally...

Misha.

ГўВҖВҳJust how clumsy is she to get separated on her own in the middle of all thatГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВҷ

Just then, I felt something approaching from behind.

Tadat.

But I did not bother to turn around.

I was also in the middle of training to take hits.

It was not like I would dodge it even if I turned to look, and after taking so many hits, I had realized something.

It was better to get hit without knowing.

When you had information, you would needlessly anticipate how much it would hurt, making you flinch without realizing itГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВңB- B- B...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Hm?ГўВҖВқ

Was there a monster that made this kind of sound?

No, more than that, the voice sounded familiar...

ГўВҖВңBjor-nnnnnn...!!!ГўВҖВқ

Hearing my name so clearly, I quickly turned around, and at that moment, the figure rushing from behind wrapped their arms around my head, obstructing my vision.

Ah, of course, it was not a big deal.

I already knew who the voice belonged to.

ГўВҖВңMisha?ГўВҖВқ

Misha Karlstein.

My companion since our days in Team Half-Wit... and, well.

ГўВҖВҳIs the Hans effect finally over...?ГўВҖВҷ

To think we would meet this quickly.

***

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

Misha, who had flown at me like a shot put, began to wail like a child the moment she hugged me.

Well, it was not that she was actually sobbing...

It was more like a child throwing a tantrum or a fit, letting out all their sorrow.

But this was not a good environment to talk...

Ssk.

First, to secure my vision, I grabbed Misha by the scruff of her neck, placed her on my shoulder, and resumed my sprint.

But had she still not calmed down?

ГўВҖВңUwaah! Right, I knew you'd be alive-nyang! I knew you'd be alive-ooo!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat's my line.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'm so glad, really-nyang!! I'm so glad-ooo!ГўВҖВқ

Misha, seemingly overcome with emotion, kept punching the back of my head.

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaah!! You Barbarian bastard!ГўВҖВқ

Whack! Whack!

Well, I could tell she was that happy.

I even felt similarly.

ГўВҖВңWhat have you been doing all this time-nyang! I searched everywhere for you, but couldn't even find a trace-ooo!!ГўВҖВқ

Whack! Whack!

I get it, so I wish you would restrain yourself a bit.

I wouldn't know about before, but in my current state, it really hurts.

So...

ГўВҖВңUh... Misha? First, calm down.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI almost died so many times while looking for you...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt hurts, so stop now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHurts! You deserve to be hit more, you irresponsible Barbarian bastard! Did you think I'd be happy if I survived by running away and leaving you behind-nyang?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStrictly speaking, you didn't run away alone; everyone did. Besides, I was planning to follow, but things went wrong. Oh, and don't hit me. My Essences have changed, so it really hurts if you hit me like before.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

After clearing that up, I glanced sideways, and Misha, sitting on my shoulder, had a strange expression.

It was a look that seemed to say, ГўВҖВҳWhat is with this bastard?ГўВҖВҷ which then shifted to something like, ГўВҖВҳAh, right, this is the kind of bastard he was...ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, after that, she returned to normal.

ГўВҖВңThat's right...! Ainar! Ainar disappeared with you back then...! Have you not met her-nyang?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI've met Ainar.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңReally-nyang? Everyone thought it would be hard to meet...!ГўВҖВқ

...

Did she understand it as me meeting Ainar right away?

It was a hassle to explain, so I omitted the part about me using the Spirit Gate to find her.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, things went wrong again, and she got separated during the last stabilization period.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, don't worry. She's not alone; she'll be with trustworthy people.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUhm... I'm glad to hear that, but what on earth happened...?ГўВҖВқ

Tsk, I have a lot of questions, too.

But I guess it's the same for Misha.

However, it was too long a story to explain in detail, so I shortened it again.

ГўВҖВңIt just sort of happened that way.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you kidding me-nyang?ГўВҖВқ

In the end, I had no choice but to explain in a bit more detail.

Ah, of course, if I told her I met the Lord of Tears and used the ГўВҖВҳleave me behindГўВҖВҷ strategy again, I would probably get scolded...

ГўВҖВңNo, it's true. We ran into a pretty strong monster, and I just happened to get separated during the fight.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSort of happened is not an answer! You just got clumsy and did it, didn't you?ГўВҖВқ

Sensing that I was about to get scolded even more, I quickly changed the subject.

ГўВҖВңI'm glad you're safe, Misha.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI was worried. From the moment I heard you were separated alone until now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, uhm... Oh? But... how did you know that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI heard it from a survivor I met by chance. That you were wandering around looking for me on your own.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh... Y-you did-nyang? That's quite a coincidence...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThank you for being alright, truly.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Ah, ahaha... W-why are you talking like that-nyang...? I'm not a child...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-well... I'm glad too-nyang. That you're safe...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, is that so?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

Okay, seems like the topic change went well.

Now, let's get to the main point.

ГўВҖВңAlright, now tell me. What on earth happened while I was gone?ГўВҖВқ

At that question, the rapid-fire back-and-forth that had continued since our reunion came to a halt for the first time.

Misha suddenly fell silent.

I glanced sideways at her and saw her face had grown completely stiff.

Hoo, right...

There was no way nothing happened on their side.

ГўВҖВңTell me, Misha. Don't worry about sparing my feelings, tell me everything without hiding anything.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorn... you have to listen calmly-nyang...? Ah, nothing's certain yet, so...ГўВҖВқ

I wonder if Misha even knew? That there was no other phrase as anxiety-inducing as that.

ГўВҖВңI get it, so hurry up.ГўВҖВқ

Only after I urged her once more did Misha's story finally begin.

What exactly had happened while I was gone.

ГўВҖВңWhen everyone heard you were carried off by a dragon, they were in an uproar-nyang. Erwen was rampaging, saying she had to go find you right away, and all the while, monsters were pouring in...ГўВҖВқ

Opinions were divided.

The faction that said we had to find you, and the faction that said that was realistically impossible.

The one who stepped up and resolved the situation then was Amelia.

ГўВҖВңShe said that surviving came first, before finding you. Of course, there were people who objected...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut when she asked if you'd be happy if one of us died while looking for you, even Erwen seemed to agree. No, actually, it was more like she was overwhelmed by her presence...ГўВҖВқ

Anyway.

Amelia's logic was very simple.

She said that someone like me would be fine even if carried off by a dragon, so we should just hold out until I came back on my own.

I was not the least bit upset by that judgment.

No, I was grateful.

She'd said she hated the Vice-Captain position and all that, but in a crisis, she was the one who took charge.

ГўВҖВңSo what happened after that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe kept holding on. Whenever we ran into survivors, we accepted them all to bolster our ranks, and the situation wasn't too bad-nyang. Ah, that old Guild Master guy did suddenly disappear in the middle of it all...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, that guy is fine, so don't worry.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI wasn't worried-nyang...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that so?ГўВҖВқ

Heh, you made this Barbarian feel awkward.

Anyway, the story about the Guild Master was not a particularly important part for either Misha or me.

ГўВҖВңSo, what next?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes... And then...ГўВҖВқ

Misha took a breath before continuing.

ГўВҖВңWe met an incredibly scary-looking demon-nyang...ГўВҖВқ

The Anabada Clan had encountered a demon-type monster.

The time was the middle of the third wave.

The place was the Demon Worship Hall in the Bloodstained Fortress.

ГўВҖВңWhat did it look like?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, well...ГўВҖВқ

After hearing a very specific description from Misha, I pressed my lips together.

ГўВҖВңGuiltigos...ГўВҖВқ

The third stabilization period.

The Rank 1 demon-type I had faced in the Bloodstained Fortress.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!!

As I recalled it, my heart inexplicably began to race, and a ringing sound echoed in my ears.

It was only natural.

Guiltigos, the Rank 1 demon-type monster that had taken up residence in the boss room, munching on the bodies of other monsters.

I clearly remembered the sight of it.

PiiiiiiiiiiГўВҖВ”!

Around it, equipment and bones presumed to belong to explorers were scattered about.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 860 ---

Chapter 860: Terrible News (3)

Thump, thumpГўВҖВ”!

My heart began to beat faster, and blood rushed to my head.

But the more it did, the more I tried to hold on to my reason.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Nothing was certain yet.

There was no proof that the gear and bones I saw belonged to my companions.

Therefore.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs fine, continue your story. What happened after that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, uhГўВҖВҰ W-wellГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou donГўВҖВҷt have to worry about me.ГўВҖВқ

When I urged her on once more, Misha must have realized she had no choice, and she resumed the story she had paused.

ГўВҖВңHe was such a tremendous fellow that Kaislan and Sven Parab were knocked out in one blowГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRaven said we had to run immediately, and that Amelia woman agreed. So, just like with you, Bjorn, I was the first to cross the dimensional wall.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut no matter how long I waited, no one else came through. So I went back the same way, but strangely, it was a completely different place.ГўВҖВқ

Hah, thatГўВҖВҷs a relief, at least.

Separate from my worries, we had avoided the worst-case scenario.

It seemed Misha hadnГўВҖВҷt personally witnessed anyone dying or getting seriously injured.

ГўВҖВҳI also see why she laid the groundwork by saying nothing was certain.ГўВҖВҷ

It wasnГўВҖВҷt simply a word of comfort, but the plain truth.

All possibilities were still open.

WasnГўВҖВҷt it possible to change even the past, as long as it wasnГўВҖВҷt set in stone?

ГўВҖВңAfter that, I thought it would be better to keep moving than to stay in one place, so I ran without a momentГўВҖВҷs rest, weaving through the hordes of monsters.ГўВҖВқ

MishaГўВҖВҷs subsequent story was a desperate tale of survival.

She wandered the Labyrinth searching for me and our companions, then found a group of survivors and took shelter with them, but that group was wiped out before long, and the same situation repeated itselfГўВҖВҰ

The last group she had joined lasted quite a while, but unfortunately, as soon as this wave began, a Rank 1 monster appeared, and they scattered in a panic.

ГўВҖВңSo, with the feeling that I was in real trouble now, I was just running blindly like before when I found you! Do you have any idea how surprised I was when you didnГўВҖВҷt see me and crossed over the dimensional wall?ГўВҖВқ

Right, so thatГўВҖВҷs what happenedГўВҖВҰ

She spoke cheerfully enough, but having gone through something similar, I could empathize with how fierce and difficult it must have been for her.

It was hard enough for me as a Shield Barbarian to the point of death, so how much worse must it have been for her?

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷve suffered a great deal.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңU-uwaaahГўВҖВҰ! IГўВҖВҷm telling you, I really thought I was going to dieГўВҖВҰ! DonГўВҖВҷt you know? Huh? DonГўВҖВҷt you knowГўВҖВҰ! You senile old BarbarianГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI get it, so calm down. From now on, I will protect you no matter what. Understood?ГўВҖВқ

For some reason, the reply came after a long pause.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰOkay.ГўВҖВқ

Thus, the time for hearing the details of what had happened came to an end.

Afterward, we continued to break through the monsters, having a more practical conversation.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat are you going to do now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe have to keep moving. Until we find a suitable group.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ YouГўВҖВҷre not going to look for the others? I-I didnГўВҖВҷt mean that in a bad way, so donГўВҖВҷt misunderstand! ItГўВҖВҷs just, I thought you wouldГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou donГўВҖВҷt have to make excuses. IГўВҖВҷm not misunderstanding.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnyway, itГўВҖВҷs distracting, so stop talking to me now.ГўВҖВқ

I purposely ended the conversation there.

There was no need to explain to her why I was trying to find a group.

ГўВҖВҳI wouldnГўВҖВҷt know if it were just me, but carrying her on my shoulder like this makes me extremely anxious.ГўВҖВҷ

Even now, I was covering Misha with my shield as if it were an umbrella, leaving the rest of me completely unguarded.

Of course, that part didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷm confident I can endure anything except for the instant-death tiles on the Tenth Floor, but she canГўВҖВҷt.ГўВҖВҷ

Since the risk had increased, it was only natural that my future plans would change.

Well, if I couldnГўВҖВҷt find a suitable group, I would have to maintain this state whether I liked it or not.

How much more time passed like that?

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ theyГўВҖВҷll all be safe, rightГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Misha, who had been holding her breath quietly under the shield, asked softly, and I answered without a momentГўВҖВҷs hesitation.

ГўВҖВңTheyГўВҖВҷll be safe.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey will, rightГўВҖВҰ? If so, thatГўВҖВҷs a reliefГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt think strange thoughts. YouГўВҖВҷre here, safe and sound. Why would they be any different?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, u-huhГўВҖВҰ thatГўВҖВҷs rightГўВҖВҰ TheyГўВҖВҷre all amazing people, soГўВҖВҰ yes, they must be safeГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Rather than truly believing, it felt more like she wanted to believe.

With MishaГўВҖВҷs words, that conversation came to an end.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt that I didnГўВҖВҷt want to talk about it anymore; it was for a thoroughly physical reason.

Fwoosh!

The moment I crossed the dimensional wall and a new space appeared, for the first time, a different landscape unfolded.

Craaaaaash!

Violent explosions.

The clash of swords and shields.

The screams of monsters and the sharp sounds of slaughter.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt get pushed back! Hold the line at all costs!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPriest! Over here, quickly! HeГўВҖВҷs dying!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA Rank 3 monster has appeared on the left! Requesting supportГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

It was a group of survivors.

***

The great forest of the Dark Continent, lined with gloomy giant trees.

The survivors gathered in its center had formed a proper formation and were holding out against the swarming monsters.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷve got this one pinned down, so hurry!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNowГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Thwack!

The vanguard continued to fight, cooperating organically against unexpected variables.

Support from the rear, arriving precisely when needed.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThe left flank can be pushed back, but hold on somehow! The rest, focus on taking down the Biterion! Mages! What are you all doing? Hurry up and blow it away!ГўВҖВқ

Clear orders were being delivered in real time.

Seeing the survivors move like interlocking gears, I first thought they might be from the same clan, but upon closer inspection, I quickly realized that wasnГўВҖВҷt the case.

A variety of emblems, none of them matching.

That was the only proof that this was a group hastily formed for survival.

But they must have naturally found their rhythm after enduring a few waves.

Just like we had before meeting the Lord of Tears.

ГўВҖВңUh, over thereГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Just then, a warrior fighting on the front line pointed in my direction.

It seemed they had only just discovered me on the outskirts.

Well, even though I was in my Giant Form, the area was filled with large monsters.

No, perhaps thatГўВҖВҷs why it took them longer to spot me.

A kind of protective coloration, a camouflage effectГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңAn OgreГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs wearing armor.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs it a mutant?ГўВҖВқ

HmmГўВҖВҰ calling me an Ogre is a bit much.

Well, is it obvious from their perspective? During a Dimensional Collapse, the probability of meeting a real Ogre was higher than that of a person the size of one appearing.

Of course, explaining myself wasnГўВҖВҷt particularly difficult.

ГўВҖВңBahella-aaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

The moment I let out a war cry stamped with the authentic Barbarian mark, my identity was confirmed.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYandelГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

The battlefield, which had been in a state of temporary lull as the monsters were paralyzed by my Dragon Fear.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs, itГўВҖВҷs Bjorn YandelГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

The shout, uttered in a silence that contrasted with the chaos of a few seconds ago, echoed as loudly as my own war cry, and thanks to that, a clear feedback came from the main force.

ГўВҖВңThe, the giantГўВҖВҰ! ItГўВҖВҷs the giant!ГўВҖВқ

Why I had appeared here, the reason was of no importance to them.

ГўВҖВңThe giant! ItГўВҖВҷs Bjorn Yandel-aaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-weГўВҖВҷre savedГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

Their fervent cheers explained everything.

With a single ГўВҖВҳBahella,ГўВҖВҷ all processes, from the document screening to the interview and the final notification, were skipped.

No, it wasn't just passing the hiring processГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI might even be able to become the Boss at this rate?ГўВҖВҷ

Sensing an opportunity, I immediately ran towards the main force and shouted.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, follow me-aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

The feedback, this time too, was immediate.

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount Yandel! Viscount Yandel!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs kill them all!!ГўВҖВқ

The warriors in the vanguard responded with a thunderous roar, as if they had met their idol.

The excitement filling their voices spread like a plague, eventually uplifting the entire main force.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

At the fervent roar that suddenly caught my ear, I reflexively turned my head.

ГўВҖВңFollow Viscount Yandel!! Everyone is going to make it back aliveГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

The man letting out a more passionate cry than anyone else came into view.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre going to make it back alive-oooooohГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

I see, itГўВҖВҷs the man who was diligently giving orders earlier.

I had wondered if he might challenge me over command.

But seeing him welcome me with open arms, I could guess how much he had suffered during the past Dimensional Collapse.

However, Misha, who was watching this, couldnГўВҖВҷt seem to understand.

ГўВҖВңT-this is really happeningГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

A dumbfounded reaction.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBjorn! Bjorn! Bjorn!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThank you, thank you, thank youГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, my GodГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The survivors were lost in a frenzy, like fanatics.

Feeling a bit awkward, I cautiously puffed up my shoulders.

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Yes, this is why I work on my reputation.

***

After taking over a group of about 40 people, what I performed was an innovation.

No, from the survivorsГўВҖВҷ perspective, it would be closer to a miracle.

ГўВҖВңBahella-aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

An area-of-effect that applied every time I roared.

With more than half of the monsters occupying the battlefield now aggroed on me, the fatigue of the remaining main force was drastically reduced, and the battle difficulty itself began to hit rock bottomГўВҖВҰ

(New) Shield Barbarian.

This newly released class was surprisingly capable of dealing damage too.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ

Every time the armor shone, ГўВҖВҳAegisГўВҖВҷ would appear, devastating the battlefield.

Craaaaaaaaaash-!

With this, the point where we couldnГўВҖВҷt handle the piling up of monsters was long past, and afterward, the number of monsters rapidly decreased until we finally entered a state of stabilization.

ГўВҖВңH-how can it be this easyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Now, it had reached a point where we only had to deal with the monsters that appeared from zero, instead of them piling up.

It wasn't too strange that the eyes of the survivors, who had witnessed this miraculous innovation with their own two eyes, were filled with something akin to worship.

ГўВҖВңHow can a person be so strongГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҷs not just a person, heГўВҖВҷs Bjorn YandelГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, I see! HeГўВҖВҷs so strong because heГўВҖВҷs Bjorn YandelГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDamn it, why was I born a Beastkin and not a Barbarian?ГўВҖВқ

They werenГўВҖВҷt being completely serious; they were all just bantering.

They must be expressing their gratitude to me in that way.

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

UhГўВҖВҰ is that right?

A slight doubt arose in my mind as they suddenly started chanting the name of the BarbarianГўВҖВҷs ancestral spiritГўВҖВҰ

But it probably wasn't a bad thing.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs reputation has increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs reputation has increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs reputation has increased by +1ГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

It felt like I could hear my reputation stat rising.

Well, in reality, once they return to the city, my standing will indeed grow, even if just a little.

There would be no explorer anywhere who could deliver the kind of performance I could now that I had even obtained a Floor Lord Essence.

Bzzzt!

Anyway, the difficulty of the Dimensional Collapse, which had become progressively easier, reached its peak after entering the ГўВҖВҳPath of the Pilgrim,ГўВҖВҷ which belonged to the lower floors.

To the point where I could leave the monster-bashing to the others and converse with the main force like this.

ГўВҖВңGreetings, ViscountГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Now that I had some leeway, I headed towards the main force to have a chat, and a man came running out in a hurry.

It was the man who had been giving orders before I took over.

ГўВҖВңI am Hans Kelbernon, Vice-Captain of the Blue Cherry ClanГўВҖВҰ! Thank you so much for saving us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰHuh?

ГўВҖВңI will surely repay this kindnessГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

I stepped back from the man who was bowing deeply and offering a handshake.

ГўВҖВңWait a moment, what was your name?ГўВҖВқ

I couldnГўВҖВҷt tell if his pronunciation was bad or if it was really ГўВҖВҳthatГўВҖВҷ.

Well, I thought it was probably the former, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNever mind, stop coming closer and tell me your name.ГўВҖВқ

The risk of shaking hands in an uncertain situation was too great.

I knew it was rude, but nevertheless, I once again confirmed the fellowГўВҖВҷs name.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAs I said before, I am Hans KelbernonГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The fellow tilted his head but answered my question faithfully, and this time, I heard it clearly as well.

But it was too early to be relieved.

ГўВҖВҳTheyГўВҖВҷ always aimed viciously for the moment a person let their guard down.

ГўВҖВңIs that pronunciation correct? No, just spell it out for me. No, donГўВҖВҷt even speak. Just write it here on this paper.ГўВҖВқ

Show me.

That was what I was about to say.

Bzzzzzzzt!

The world distorted with a rift.

A rift slightly larger than when simply transferring.

Come to think of it, it seemed like every time this happened, the wave would end and a period of stabilization would beginГўВҖВҰ

BzzzzzzzzztГўВҖВ”!!

If that was the case, then Hans was really Hans, and the possibility of him being ГўВҖВҳthatГўВҖВҷ was high.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰNo, I still donГўВҖВҷt know.ГўВҖВҷ

If it was ГўВҖВҳHans,ГўВҖВҷ I wouldnГўВҖВҷt have to be paranoid and on edge during the ninth stabilization period.

If the situation allowed, I could even get a good rest.

Because of the Lord of Tears, I hadnГўВҖВҷt been able to rest properly during the last stabilization period.

Honestly, I felt like I could fall asleep the moment my back hit the ground.

However, if that guy whose pronunciation was slightly slurred when he spoke was not ГўВҖВҳHansГўВҖВҷ but ГўВҖВҳthatГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhat is it? What could it be? What kind of accident could happen?ГўВҖВҷ

I didnГўВҖВҷt know.

Not yet.

I needed more evidence.

ГўВҖВҳThe Lord of Tears is already deadГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷve already met Lee Baekho, but could I possibly meet him again?ГўВҖВҷ

A state of super-concentration where time itself felt slow.

Bzzzt-

My brain accelerated, reviewing past memories, comparing experiences, and calculating the worst-case scenarios.

And finally.

ГўВҖВҳIceГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВҷ

I arrived at the answer of Ice Rock.

ГўВҖВҳWas that itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Ice Rock.

To be precise, one of the fields belonging to Ice Rock, the ГўВҖВҳEye of the Glacier.ГўВҖВҷ

A place called the ГўВҖВҳtankГўВҖВҷs grave,ГўВҖВҷ where the Natural Regeneration stat worked in reverse.

Bzzzzzt!

If we were in the middle of a Dimensional Collapse, it wouldnГўВҖВҷt be a problem even if that place appeared; I could just cross the dimensional wall and escape quicklyГўВҖВҰ

But during a stabilization period, that was impossible.

So, to put it simply.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!!

If I landed there in my current state, I would turn into a mummy and die within minutes.

So, what should I do?

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Should I eliminate this man right now, who could possibly be ГўВҖВҳthatГўВҖВҷ?

Was that truly the right answer?

Thump!!

A heart pounding rapidly, as if ignoring time.

A fleeting second, split into dozens of fragments, in time with that sound.

In the gaps of time, I agonized and agonized.

What is the right answer?

What should I do?

Unable to come to a clear answer on anything.

Thump~!

My heart pounded loudly one more time, and then, as if it had stopped, the divided fragments of time merged.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

In the end, it was all a meaningless worry.

FlashГўВҖВ”!

When my vision, which had gone dark, recovered and I opened my eyes.

I, who had checked the surrounding terrain faster than anyone else, realized.

ГўВҖВҳHansГўВҖВҰ yes, it really was HansГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Feeling drained for some reason, I powerlessly lowered my shield and hammer.

ГЈВҖВҢError Removed.ГЈВҖВҚ

The hammer to kill my enemies.

The armor to protect myself.

They were no longer needed.

A gloomy sky.

A high-stacked fortress wall.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Whoooooosh!

The dim light of the city shining on the survivors who had successfully returned, and the roar of someone filled with far too many emotions.

ГўВҖВңUwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!ГўВҖВқ

The Dimensional Collapse was over.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Labyrinth has been closed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character will be moved to Rafdonia.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 861 ---

Chapter 861: Terrible News (4)

A total of nine waves.

At the end of that long, long journey, the Collapse was over.

Swaaaaaaah!

The natural light felt even brighter in contrast to the darkness of the Labyrinth.

At its warm touch, my body went limp before I knew it.

If I had my way, I would just lie down on the ground right now and enjoy this momentГўВҖВҰ

But it would be better to put that off for a little longer.

Isn't there a saying?

Joy doubles when shared.

For that, there was still work to be done.

Trudge, trudge.

I slowly walked through the garden of the marquisГўВҖВҷs residence, where a temporary Labyrinth Portal had been opened.

ГўВҖВңHere! Someone help over here! ThereГўВҖВҷs an injured person!ГўВҖВқ

The surroundings were beyond just tragic.

Every survivor had an injury, big or small.

The Priests, who had been waiting for our return, were startled and rushed over to treat them.

Fortunately, there was no shortage of Priests.

No, is it even right to call this fortunate?

Despite the ratio of injured being higher than any previous return, there was only one reason there was no shortage of personnel.

It was because that many people had died.

ГўВҖВҳAbout 300 or 400 people, I guessГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Of course, I wasn't talking about the number that had decreased.

The number of entrants, which had been 4,300, was now down to about 300 or 400.

Even with the most conservative estimate, it meant ninety percent had died.

And that was only because the explorers who entered this Labyrinth were all skilled, High-Rank Explorers, making the survival rate relatively high.

If this had been a normal situationГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳ99.9%.ГўВҖВҷ

Yes, the number would surely have been close to that.

ГўВҖВңWh-what in the world happened in there!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Dimensional Collapse, that damned disaster, it happened.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat canГўВҖВҷt be! Is that true? Kortan! Report this to the higher-ups at once!ГўВҖВқ

The military personnel, who had only just now realized the situation inside the Labyrinth, began to run about frantically.

Regardless of them, I walked on.

ГўВҖВҳWhere could they beГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Since we all went through the portal that opened in the marquisГўВҖВҷs garden, if they made it out safely, I should be able to find them here quickly.

Yes, that's how it should have been.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

They weren't there.

ГўВҖВңB-BjornГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Misha was there.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

They weren't there.

ГўВҖВңAh, ahahaГўВҖВҰ! I knew you would return safely!ГўВҖВқ

The Guild Master was there.

ГўВҖВңAh! ViscountГўВҖВҰ! YouГўВҖВҷre safe!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYesГўВҖВҰ The light of the moon has protected meГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOoooh! Bjooorn!! I believed in you!ГўВҖВқ

Armin, the Priestess, and Ainar were there.

Flinch.

Even the Company Commander, who avoided my gaze when our eyes met.

Even the Illuma Clan, who had left saying they were sorry but had to protect their comrades.

ГўВҖВңAh, ahahaГўВҖВҰ S-sorry, but we couldn't help it! Ah, ah! DonГўВҖВҷt hit mГўВҖВ”huh?ГўВҖВқ

Even the Special Mage was there, for goodness sake.

What in the world was going on?

RiiiiingГўВҖВ”!

They were not there.

Only the members of my Anabada Clan were nowhere to be seen in the marquisГўВҖВҷs garden.

***

I walked, and walked, and walked again.

Misha, who followed me silently, said nothing, and neither did Ainar.

It was when I had circled the garden more than three times.

Thump, thump!

The sounds of my surroundings suddenly reached my ears, which had only been filled with the thunderous beating of my own heart.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰMy, heГўВҖВҷs completely out of it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI canГўВҖВҷt blame himГўВҖВҰ Only three of them.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo think that the Anabada Clan would be annihilatedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, in that hellГўВҖВҰ even a Viscount couldnГўВҖВҷt have done anything.ГўВҖВқ

The conversation of the survivors, muttering as they looked at me.

Tap.

When I finally stopped walking, the survivors who had been stealing glances at me and chattering flinched as if theyГўВҖВҷd been caught and clamped their mouths shut.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I didnГўВҖВҷt bother approaching them.

I didnГўВҖВҷt throw any words of warning.

Nor did I express any unpleasant feelings by staring at them.

ГўВҖВңBjornГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I just started walking again, pretending I hadnГўВҖВҷt heard anything.

Then, someone approached me.

He was a Knight, and he carefully asked if I could go with him for a moment to give a statement about the situation inside the Labyrinth.

I gave no answer.

Just.

Shove.

I pushed the Knight's shoulder aside and walked on.

I had no intention of pointlessly circling the marquis's garden anymore either.

ГўВҖВңAh, the order to disperse hasnГўВҖВҷt been given yet! This expedition was conducted as a top-secret military operation, soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The Knight at the entrance blocked me, flustered.

ГўВҖВңGelton, step aside.ГўВҖВқ

A man who seemed to be his superior made the Knight back down.

ГўВҖВңBut the order from the higher-upsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWho is your direct superior?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰI understand.ГўВҖВқ

After that, there was no other conversation.

I went out into the city through the path they cleared, and all the while, the superior officer just silently saluted me.

As if to express his condolences for what I had lost.

It wasn't particularly appreciated, nor did it offer any comfort.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I continued walking after leaving for the city.

Passing through the Imperial Capital of Karnon, which felt so peaceful, I took a military Magic Circle to Commelby.

Commelby was much like Karnon.

The streets were bustling with people and it was peaceful.

Of course, the aftermath of the recent war was still evident on the streets.

A family that had lost their home and was sitting on the street.

A woman holding a newborn baby, begging for alms.

A drunk with one pant leg tied up, leaning against a wall and drinking in broad daylight.

The streets werenГўВҖВҷt as vibrant as Commelby usually was.

But at least, to my eyes, it seemed peaceful.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

For some reason, today of all days, no one approached me with a fuss.

We passed through the streets of Commelby and arrived home.

A prime three-story building, only a ten-minute walk from the Alminus Central Exchange.

The Anabada Clan House, provided at a low cost with support from the Melves merchant guild.

It had actually been a while since I was last here.

After the war ended, I spent most of my time at the Holy Land, managing the tribe.

The atmosphere in Commelby wasn't great either, so I didn't want to come.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

As I stepped inside, the noise from the streets faded, and the silence felt even greater.

Though it was called a Clan House, the second and third floors were used as living quarters.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The first floor was decorated like a living room, and we usually held meetings with the members there whenever something came up.

No, even when there was nothing in particular, bored members would stop by, so the first floor was often bustling.

In the mornings, Auyen would prepare meals in the kitchen, and Sven Parab, who stayed at a nearby inn, would often eat with us, saying the inn food wasn't good.

Amelia and ErwenГўВҖВҷs rooms were on the second floor.

My and AuyenГўВҖВҷs rooms were on the third floor.

AinarГўВҖВҷs residence was in the Holy Land, but for some reason, she often stayed up late playing and then slept on the living room sofa.

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ BjornГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

MishaГўВҖВҷs words brought me back to my senses as I stood blankly in the living room.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs wash up first.ГўВҖВқ

Yes, that seemed like a good idea.

We were all a mess.

ГўВҖВңAh, u-unГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Misha nodded in agreement.

So I went up to the third floor, briefly organized my gear and clothes, and in the meantime, soaked my body in the bath that had been filled.

Scrub, scrub, scrubГўВҖВҰ

I rubbed my body with a washing cloth, scraping off the caked-on blood and flesh, then finished by lathering up several times.

When I came down to the first floor after washing, Misha and Ainar were already there, looking like they had finished washing a while ago.

Hmm, was I in the bath for that long?

ГўВҖВңHey, BjornГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs eat something first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, u-unГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷll whip something up quickly with what I have, so just waitГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Misha ran to the kitchen and cooked a meal using the ingredients she carried in her Pocket Dimension.

We all sat at the table and ate in silence.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰBjorn.ГўВҖВқ

After the short meal, it was Ainar, not Misha, who spoke to me this time.

I shot up from my seat.

ГўВҖВңFirstГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs get some sleep first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ right, that would be better! A-after all, you must be tired too, BjornГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

After that, I passed the second floor and went into my room on the third floor, locking the door behind me.

The smell of rotten blood wafted from the armor and underclothes that had been left uncleaned, but I didnГўВҖВҷt bother to do anything about it.

I thought it would help me sleep better.

Because it still felt like I was in the Labyrinth.

Yes, I need to sleep.

For the sake of tomorrow.

Slump.

Collapsing as if I had fainted, I fell into a terribly slow sleep, and as always, time flew by quickly.

***

The sun rose and set, the sky turned black and then burned bright again.

The world beyond the curtains repeated itself without rest.

One day, two days, three days, four daysГўВҖВҰ

At some point, I stopped counting how many days had passed, and how many more days passed after that?

During that time, many people came looking for me.

ГўВҖВңI left it in front, so make sure to eat when youГўВҖВҷre hungryГўВҖВҰ okay? Got it?ГўВҖВқ

Misha would carefully prepare a meal every mealtime and leave it in front of my door.

ГўВҖВңThey say it was 401 peopleГўВҖВҰ the number of survivors. But you know whatГўВҖВҷs amazing? Nearly a hundred of them survived because of you.ГўВҖВқ

Sometimes, she would sit down outside my door and talk about the outside world for a long time.

Even if I didn't answer, she continued.

Without tiring.

ГўВҖВңYou can hear it even from inside the room, right? All the people outside looking for you. The cityГўВҖВҷs in an uproar again.ГўВҖВқ

That a new record had been added to the Stone of Honor.

That Duke Kealunus, the newly appointed Chancellor, was looking for me.

That Armin had stopped by this morning.

ГўВҖВңYandel, I cannot dare to fathom how you must feel right now. ButГўВҖВҰ this isnГўВҖВҷt like you.ГўВҖВқ

Hah, this time itГўВҖВҷs Bear UncleГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңGet up. Be yourself.ГўВҖВқ

I really donГўВҖВҷt know what being myself is.

Why do people have such a high opinion of me?

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll come back later. Ah, andГўВҖВҰ thank you. For helping me back then. If it werenГўВҖВҷt for you, reality would have been a cesspool even after I returned.ГўВҖВқ

After Bear Uncle left, it was Ainar.

ГўВҖВңBjooorn! Come out! The warriors of the Holy Land are all worried and waiting for you! If you come out and eat something delicious with us, youГўВҖВҷll feel better!!ГўВҖВқ

AinarГўВҖВҷs voice, cheerful to an excessive degree.

Listening to it, I realized something new.

Just how pathetic I was being right now.

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰ ItГўВҖВҷs Adnus. As you know, your name has been newly inscribed on the Stone of Honor. Unfortunately, unlike last time, your other companions were not mentioned.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat are you talking about!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo my position is a little awkward! If you have a chance, could you come out and mention that my help was significantГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you came here to say that, get out right now! No, just get out!ГўВҖВқ

The Guild Master came and was chased away by Misha.

The Dwarf came and drank silently in front of the door without a word before leaving.

There were many events, but in the end, I did nothing and just let time pass by.

For the time being, I just wanted to not think about anything, just like this.

Like back then, when I shut myself in my room and played games.

Ten days, fifteen days, a monthГўВҖВҰ

Time in the dark room passed so quickly, but its end clearly existed.

Because Lee Hansoo and Bjorn were different.

BjornГўВҖВҷs world was not so lenient as to wait until he could overcome it on his own and come out.

CraaaaaashГўВҖВ”!!!

The firmly shut door to my room was shattered, and the light of the world was forced in.

ГўВҖВңAh, I canГўВҖВҷt take it anymore!!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHow long are you going to sleep, Bjorn! Get up! If you keep acting so pathetic, IГўВҖВҷm going to take the Tribe Chief position from you. Huh?ГўВҖВқ

Ainar, backlit by the sunlight streaming into the room, approached the bed and looked down at me.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰTake it.ГўВҖВқ

I said, turning my head away as if even the attempt was a bother, and immediately, Ainar ГўВҖВҳactedГўВҖВҷ.

Stab!

A spear pierced through my soft abdomen.

Only after realizing what had just happened did an extreme, agonizing pain bloom belatedly.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰArgh!! What are you doing!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat am I doing? Did the Tribe Chief forget our tradition? The position of Tribe Chief is won through a duelГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat kind of nonsenseГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGet up, Bjorn! Or IГўВҖВҷll keep stabbing you!!ГўВҖВқ

Indeed, as if to prove she wasn't bluffing, Ainar poked my skin with the tip of her spear.

In the end, I had no choice but to get up.

ГўВҖВңOh, youГўВҖВҷre up? I should have done this sooner!ГўВҖВқ

Ha, these Barbarians.

They really donГўВҖВҷt operate on common sense.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰGet out while IГўВҖВҷm asking nicely, Ainar.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? What are you going to do if I donГўВҖВҷt? You have less strength in your eyes than a young warrior who just finished his Coming of Age Ceremony. Look! You canГўВҖВҷt even meet my eyes properly! Who would think of you as a Great Warrior now!ГўВҖВқ

Indeed, as if she wasnГўВҖВҷt scared of me at all, Ainar strode forward, closing the distance.

ГўВҖВңWell, go ahead and try something. It doesnГўВҖВҷt have to be nice words.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhether you say mean things, whine like a child, spout incomprehensible nonsense, or we just beat the crap out of each otherГўВҖВҰ! I donГўВҖВҷt care either way, Bjorn. SoГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar grabbed my head with both hands and then, like a rhinoceros, slammed her forehead into mine.

CrackГўВҖВ”!

The impact traveled through my skull and shook my brain.

But I had no capacity to care about such a thing.

ГўВҖВңPlease.ГўВҖВқ

We were so close our noses might touch.

It was no longer possible to look away and ignore her.

Finally, I could see AinarГўВҖВҷs face.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs just talk about something nowГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰ

Yes, so this was the expression she was making.

***

For nearly a month.

Holed up in my room with the sole intention of not wanting to think about anything, ironically, the thing I did most was think.

Think, think, and think some more.

No matter how much I thought about it, I couldnГўВҖВҷt believe it.

I even had the delusion that I might still be in the Labyrinth.

Isn't there that Dreamy Waterfall?

What if, after the ninth wave ended and the stabilization period began, I fell into the Dreamy Waterfall? And thatГўВҖВҷs why IГўВҖВҷm having this ridiculous dream?

That actually felt more realistic.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI canГўВҖВҷt stay like this foreverГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

So, I picked up a spoon and brought the warm soup to my mouth.

At the dining table on the first floor.

Across from me, Misha and Ainar were watching me cautiously.

Misha, I could understand, but Ainar was a bit absurd.

Just a moment ago she was breaking down my door, shoving a spear into my stomach, and demanding we talk.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰW-was it to your liking?ГўВҖВқ

Misha asked as soon as I finished my meal and put down the spoon.

ГўВҖВңAh, uhГўВҖВҰ It was good.ГўВҖВқ

I answered honestly, and for some reason, a strange silence fell afterward.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Hah, this is really awkward.

Even for me, itГўВҖВҷs hard to be the first to speak in a situation like this.

But still, I had to get through what needed to be done.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm sorry for making you worry.ГўВҖВқ

Yes, an apology first.

It was true I had been a pathetic sight.

ГўВҖВңN-no, no! Sorry for what! ThereГўВҖВҷs no need for that!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs right, Bjorn! A-after all youГўВҖВҷve done for us!ГўВҖВқ

UhГўВҖВҰ Was that a mistake?

I didnГўВҖВҷt expect them to wave their hands in such a startled denial.

Anyway, since the apology is doneГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷve been thinking about it all this timeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I got straight to the point.

One of the many thoughts I had over and over while cooped up in my room, andГўВҖВҰ

The last, somewhat realistic possibility.

ГўВҖВңMaybe theyГўВҖВҷre all still alive.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, I know what youГўВҖВҷre thinking. IГўВҖВҷll explain, so just listen quietly for now.ГўВҖВқ

With a dubious Ainar and Misha before me, I explained at length about that ГўВҖВҳpossibilityГўВҖВҷ.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ soГўВҖВҰ to summarize, youГўВҖВҷre saying thereГўВҖВҷs a chance that all the other members fell to the Underground First Floor during the Dimensional CollapseГўВҖВҰ Is that what youГўВҖВҷre sayingГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, you understood correctly. You know it too, donГўВҖВҷt you? That countless explorers have entered the Underground First Floor before.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңW-well, thatГўВҖВҷs trueГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷve thought about it over and over, but it just doesnГўВҖВҷt make sense that not a single one of the members made it back to the city.ГўВҖВқ

Misha was able to survive on her own until she met me, wasnГўВҖВҷt she?

It would only make sense for at least a few of the Anabada members to have returned alive as well.

But the number of survivors is exactly zero?

WhatГўВҖВҷs more, according to Misha, who went around asking, not a single person has seen them in the Labyrinth after the third wave.

ГўВҖВңThinking about it calmly, that outcome is actually the one with the lower probability, isnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, u-unГўВҖВҰ I-is that so?ГўВҖВқ

At my question, Misha looked at Ainar beside her with a troubled expression.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhy are you looking at me, Misha Karlstein! DonГўВҖВҷt pass the buck!ГўВҖВқ

Even for a Barbarian, she wasnГўВҖВҷt so dense as to not have any thoughts after seeing those reactions.

ГўВҖВңYou donГўВҖВҷt believe me at all.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, itГўВҖВҷs not that I donГўВҖВҷt believe youГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs enough, Misha. You have to say what you have to say, donГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ

Ainar cut off Misha, who was waving her hands in denial.

ГўВҖВңWe canГўВҖВҷt postpone the funeral forever. Bjorn, just accept it. They are dead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt insult them any longer and let them go.ГўВҖВқ

AinarГўВҖВҷs appearance, speaking with cold, sunken eyes, was somehow unfamiliar, yet it suited her very well.

If you looked closely, she always showed a more rational and mature side than me in matters like this.

But that was that, and this was this.

ГўВҖВңNo, there will be no funeral. At least not until IГўВҖВҷve searched every corner of the Underground First Floor with my own eyes.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThis is my decision. Do you have a problem with it?ГўВҖВқ

I stated it clearly.

Ainar stared at me for a long time before letting out a small laugh.

ГўВҖВңHow could I have a problem?ГўВҖВқ

A reaction far more compliant than I expected.

No, it had long since passed the realm of simple complianceГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIf you have so decided, then I will follow. No matter who points their fingers at you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorn son of Yandel, because you are a Great Warrior.ГўВҖВқ

Seeing the look in her eyes, filled with such blind faith, I couldnГўВҖВҷt help but chuckle as well.

For the first time in a very long time.

ГўВҖВҳShe got me.ГўВҖВҷ

It didnГўВҖВҷt feel bad.

***

A shimmering, silvery sea.

And on those silver waves, a variety of junk floated about.

ГўВҖВңHa, I just canГўВҖВҷt believe it.ГўВҖВқ

The red-haired woman standing on a Rock muttered, looking down at the crashing waves.

ГўВҖВңTo think IГўВҖВҷd end up in this damned place again.ГўВҖВқ

A monologue that perfectly conveyed the irritation she held inside.

At this, the dozen or so men and women gathered around her each let out a deep sigh.

ГўВҖВңThey probably think weГўВҖВҷre already dead outside, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰThat means we have no choice but to return on our own.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHa, I wonder how long it will take to get back this time.ГўВҖВқ

Sometimes, knowing too much is what makes a situation feel even more hopeless.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 862 ---

Chapter 862: Terrible News (5)

After coming to my senses and leaving the room, I was met with a series of busy days.

The world was changing by the second due to the big event that was the Dimensional Collapse, and I had been cooped up in my room for nearly a month.

However, I wouldnГўВҖВҷt call it a useless waste of time.

Sometimes, such things are necessary to move further forward.

Ample time to think, and think, and think again.

ГўВҖВңBahella!ГўВҖВқ

Having finished my preparations to move forward again, the first thing I did was report my survival.

ГўВҖВңThe Tribe Chief is here!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUooooooh! The great warrior has returned!ГўВҖВқ

First, I went to the Holy Land and cried out the name of the Ancestral Spirit, instantly dispelling the anxiety that had been building up among the warriors due to the ГўВҖВҳTribe Chief's seclusion.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷre lateГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, IГўВҖВҷm truly sorry to you.ГўВҖВқ

I also sincerely apologized to Shabin Emur, the Minister of Finance for the Barbarian Tribe.

Even after I had returned to the city, she had been handling all the work by herself for over a month.

Ah, was it always like that?

ГўВҖВңBut now that itГўВҖВҷs come to this, I feel a bit conflicted.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHmm?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, since all the warriors were so downcast, they didnГўВҖВҷt cause any trouble, so that was goodГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

As the Tribe Chief, I had nothing to say, so I exercised my right to remain silent and moved on.

ГўВҖВңHaha, youГўВҖВҷre later than I thought, arenГўВҖВҷt you?ГўВҖВқ

I also had a drinking session with the Dwarf and Bear Uncle, taking the time to convey my gratitude and apologies.

But whatГўВҖВҷs with these two?

Did they make a bet on when I would come out?

ГўВҖВңHere, hand it over. I won the bet.ГўВҖВқ

I wasnГўВҖВҷt sure, but I knew one thing.

They had not even considered the possibility that I would not come out of my room.

ГўВҖВңMy condolences once again.ГўВҖВқ

The atmosphere of the drinking session quickly turned somber due to their consideration and empathy, but that wasnГўВҖВҷt what I wanted.

ГўВҖВңNo need for such expressions. IГўВҖВҷm fine now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs a reliefГўВҖВҰ But if you ever need a drink, just call on us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAll of our members might still be alive.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat?ГўВҖВқ

Ah, of course, when I explained the basis for my thoughts, the look in their eyes became even more tender, which was a bit much.

It was like they were sending a warm gaze to a mentally ill friend.

ГўВҖВңForget it, you two just watch. Whether my judgment was right or wrong. Ah, or should we make a bet?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA bet? HmmГўВҖВҰ Yes, letГўВҖВҷs do it!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo you really didnГўВҖВҷt believe a word I said.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңActually, thatГўВҖВҷs not it. Since you put it so strongly, IГўВҖВҷm starting to lose my conviction as well.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen why did you agree to a bet?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ arenГўВҖВҷt you my opponent? When it comes to a ГўВҖВҳmatch,ГўВҖВҷ it just doesnГўВҖВҷt seem like you would ever lose.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo, is the bet on?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, itГўВҖВҷs on.ГўВҖВқ

Ah, for the record, we didn't decide exactly what the loser would give.

The Dwarf jokingly said something or other, but I just laughed it off.

It wasn't because I thought I would lose.

I was just not enough of an idiot to get seriously invested here.

ГўВҖВңWell then, letГўВҖВҷs meet like this from time to time. IГўВҖВҷll be off now. My wife is waitingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The day after my meeting with them, my schedule was packed tight.

ГўВҖВңBjorn! You must make time today! We have to go to Kobson's house!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰKobson?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҷs Carlson EnderkГўВҖВҷs younger brother!ГўВҖВқ

I also stopped by the house of Carlson, who had helped Ainar during the collapse.

From what I heard, Ainar had already visited several times while I was in my roomГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThey all want to see you!ГўВҖВқ

I had a debt to Carlson, so I cleared my schedule without a word and went with Ainar.

The Enderk family, a single-mother household, was a large one.

Led by the eldest son Carlson, there were five younger siblings under him.

Ah, Kobson was the second son.

ГўВҖВңWowГўВҖВҰ Yandel! ItГўВҖВҷs really Bjorn YandelГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHey, kids! What kind of rudeness is that toward the ViscountГўВҖВҰ! Oh my, IГўВҖВҷm so sorry. The youngest is still little, ViscountГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs fine, you donГўВҖВҷt need to worry about it. IГўВҖВҷll be speaking informally anyway.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh! What are you saying! How can we be on the same level as the ViscountГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhatГўВҖВҷs so different? Ah, that IГўВҖВҷm a Barbarian and not a human? DonГўВҖВҷt tell me youГўВҖВҷre a racist?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, no! Of course not!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen thatГўВҖВҷs settled. DonГўВҖВҷt worry about it from now on.ГўВҖВқ

We ate the meal that Mrs.

Enderk had painstakingly prepared, and afterward, I took the second son out to assess his skills and help with his training.

ГўВҖВңKobson, what Rank did you say you were?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm Seventh RankГўВҖВҰ ThatГўВҖВҷs why I couldnГўВҖВҷt enter the Labyrinth with my brotherГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt be discouraged, Kobson! DidnГўВҖВҷt I tell you! You will become stronger! I will make it so!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHahaГўВҖВҰ Yes, IГўВҖВҷll trust in you, Sister FenelinГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Was it because he felt he had to take over for Carlson, who had been the head of the family?

Unlike his frail appearance, Kobson somehow followed AinarГўВҖВҷs high-intensity training to the very end.

Furthermore, while he seemed to feel immense pressure from AinarГўВҖВҷs attention, he never refused her consideration.

And as I watched all of this.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I was keenly reminded once again.

Just how heavy a debt we owed to Carlson Enderk.

ГўВҖВңThank you for comingГўВҖВҰ The kids were so happyГўВҖВҰ I donГўВҖВҷt know when theyГўВҖВҷve laughed like this.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo need for thanks. IГўВҖВҷll come by with Ainar from time to time.ГўВҖВқ

And so, the visit to the Carlson family concluded.

The ГўВҖВҳsmall sum of moneyГўВҖВҷ I had hidden under the table, in case they refused or felt burdenedГўВҖВҰ

Well, theyГўВҖВҷll probably find it soon enough.

One day, two days, three days, four days.

The sun rose and set outside the curtain.

During that time, I continued to meet people, and at the same time, I learned more about the changing state of affairs while I was in my room.

And if I were to pick out the most important point among themГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThe Labyrinth still hasnГўВҖВҷt opened, as expected.ГўВҖВҷ

It hadn't opened privately like the last time, either.

Furthermore, nothing has been decided about the next Labyrinth opening.

No, in fact, since there hasn't even been a mention of it to me, I think it will remain closed for nowГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt wonГўВҖВҷt be long.ГўВҖВҷ

I believe the Labyrinth will open again soon.

This city is running out of Magic Stones, so they will surely need a solution quickly.

Also, it wonГўВҖВҷt be a private opening next time.

After all, didnГўВҖВҷt 90% of the High-Rank Explorers fail to return from this incident?

ГўВҖВҳI should hurry a little.ГўВҖВҷ

With that in mind, I also met with Armin.

In fact, I had already met him to report my survival, but that was a purely private meeting.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰUs, in the Anabada Clan?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, I know itГўВҖВҷs sudden. But it wonГўВҖВҷt be a bad offer. You and IГўВҖВҰ weГўВҖВҷve both suffered a huge gap in our forces from this incident. YouГўВҖВҷre not going to quit being an explorer, are you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs certainlyГўВҖВҰ true, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Armin, hearing the recruitment offer, looked as if he hadn't expected it at all.

ГўВҖВҳThis guyГўВҖВҷs problem is his lack of confidence.ГўВҖВҷ

In fact, Armin is the best talent for me.

His skills are beyond question, and his loyalty was proven during this collapse.

And is that all?

ГўВҖВңI have no intention of deceiving you, so IГўВҖВҷll be frank. My final destination is the Underground First Floor.ГўВҖВқ

Armin even has experience exploring the Underground First Floor.

Of course, when Armin heard this, he looked puzzled as to why I wanted to go back thereГўВҖВҰ

But when I honestly confessed all my reasons for wanting to go to the Underground First Floor, a surprisingly positive reaction came back.

ГўВҖВңThat could certainly be the caseГўВҖВҰ I understand why youГўВҖВҷve come to that conclusion, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

I think this is the first time someone hasn't looked at me with pity when I said this.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, donГўВҖВҷt answer right away. Think it over.ГўВҖВқ

The business talk ended there, and afterward, we just exchanged some everyday stories.

I plan to decide how to form the rest of the team after seeing if they accept.

Five days, six days, seven days, eight daysГўВҖВҰ

Time continued to fly by.

During that period, I met people every day and dealt with the tasks that had been postponed during the time I had spent away.

Ah, there were also those who came to see me first.

ГўВҖВңYandelГўВҖВҰ! I heard the story! You overcame it well? Hahaha, I believed in you!ГўВҖВқ

The Guild Master, Iria Adnus.

ГўВҖВңB-by the way, you seem to have been very busy! I sent you mail a few times, but there was no replyГўВҖВҰ! HahahaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Of course there wasnГўВҖВҷt.

Because of what happened, this old man was on MishaГўВҖВҷs bad side.

If I get caught hanging out with him now, I might get a scolding.

ГўВҖВңJust the main point.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSoon, a hearing for my dismissal will be held. The other Regional Chiefs are already competing and campaigning as if my dismissal is a done dealГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCould youГўВҖВҰ perhaps speak about me publicly? The explorers hang on your every word, donГўВҖВҷt they? Just a few words, like how my help was crucial in getting your name on the Stone of HonorГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe price?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Dragon Heart! IГўВҖВҷll give you what I promised then!ГўВҖВқ

After a moment of thought, I coolly accepted.

Well, Misha might be a bit disgusted if she heard this story.

Still, it is right to separate public and private matters.

After all, I can get a Dragon Heart just by saying a few words?

There is no reason not to.

Besides, to break through the Immortal Engraving later, a ShamanГўВҖВҷs healing is the top priority.

ГўВҖВңHaha, then IГўВҖВҷll be counting on you!ГўВҖВқ

And so, time passed again.

***

Ten days, a fortnight, a monthГўВҖВҰ

By now, my schedule was somewhat organized, and I was spending most of my time at the Holy Land, examining my new abilities.

ГўВҖВңBjorn! Where are you going so early in the morning?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI might be late getting back from the Imperial Capital, so donГўВҖВҷt wait for me for dinner, eat first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlright! But try to come back as soon as possible! Misha said sheГўВҖВҷs grilling meat today! And she said she wonГўВҖВҷt put any carrots in it!ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, then I should come back early.

For the first time in a while, I left the Holy Land and headed for the Imperial Capital Karnon.

The Captain of the Anabada Clan.

The Tribe Chief of the Barbarian Tribe.

Today, instead of these two titles, I had to handle the overdue work as ГўВҖВҳViscount Yandel.ГўВҖВҷ

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIt is an honor to see you, Viscount. Please enter.ГўВҖВқ

I took a military magic circle and went straight to Karnon, entering the Royal Palace.

No, to be precise, I entered the Palace of Wisdom.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs been a while since I was here too.ГўВҖВҷ

A regular Royal Family council is held here today.

I couldnГўВҖВҷt participate last time because I was in my room, and considering that I had to go around gathering information myself because of it, I absolutely had to attend this time.

ГўВҖВҳTodayГўВҖВҷs meeting should give me some direction.ГўВҖВҷ

A wide variety of topics come up at the Royal Family council.

And IГўВҖВҷm sure the main topic of this meeting will be what to do with the Labyrinth from now on.

The unopened Labyrinth.

The resulting sharp decline in the Magic Stone reserves.

The greatly reduced number of High-Rank Explorers.

These are the most urgent tasks Rafdonia must solve right now, and in fact, it has long passed the point of just having our feet to the fire.

If a little more time passes, the situation will spread uncontrollably.

IsnГўВҖВҷt that already evident just by looking at the streets?

Events like doomsday theorists, cults, and riots are popping up one after another.

ГўВҖВңI extend my gratitude to you for taking the time out of your busy schedules to be here.ГўВҖВқ

Soon, as I sat in my designated seat and waited, the (New) Chancellor, Duke Kealunus, appeared.

ГўВҖВңIt has been a truly difficult and worrying month, but this Chancellor believes that if we all put our heads together and unite our wills, we can safely overcome this crisis as well.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNia Rafdonia.ГўВҖВқ

After a brief salute and a moment of silence, the meeting began.

But what on earth is going on?

ГўВҖВңThe first agenda item concerns the complete revocation of the title of the House of Baron Rubierre.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰ?

Why isnГўВҖВҷt the Labyrinth being discussed?

Ah, is it just because it's the first agenda item that theyГўВҖВҷre starting with lighter topics?

ГўВҖВңThe second agenda item concerns the new heretical forces rampant in the cityГўВҖВҰ To be precise, itГўВҖВҷs about authorizing the Three Gods ChurchГўВҖВҷs request for self-policing of heretics.ГўВҖВқ

For some reason, the second one was similar.

Should such a heavy authority really be given to a religion?

What if we donГўВҖВҷt?

The Royal Family currently doesnГўВҖВҷt have the capacity to handle it, so itГўВҖВҷs better to temporarily hand over the authority and use them like a vigilante group.

Such useless opinions were pitted against each other, and a considerable amount of time was spent.

AndГўВҖВҰ

The third, the fourth, the fifthГўВҖВҰ

No matter what agenda item comes up, the topic I want does not appear.

No, beyond not wanting them, they are all trivial.

Things like what punishment should be given to a certain baronГўВҖВҷs family for embezzling welfare funds.

Who to appoint as the next head of the Administrative Office.

They want to increase the military budget, but by how much.

Even the matter of how to deal with the eldest son of a countГўВҖВҷs family who committed a sex crime against a noble lady.

ГўВҖВҳThis is absurd.ГўВҖВҷ

Watching these so-called blue bloods argue with veins popping on their necks over such matters, I truly feel a sense of disillusionment.

Are these bastards just parasites eating away at the country?

How can not a single one of them properly worry about the future of this country?

Shouldn't I be the one who hates this country?

The seventh, the eighth, the ninthГўВҖВҰ

The meeting, which only allowed for a short break long enough to go to the restroom, was finally nearing its end.

The sun outside the window had long since set.

It was when I was starting to get annoyed at the thought that I had wasted the most time this year.

ГўВҖВңNow, this is the tenth agenda item.ГўВҖВқ

It would probably be another trivial matter.

I, who had been propping my chin up almost dozing off, listening with one ear and letting it out the other, came to my senses.

ГўВҖВңI would like to talk about the Labyrinth, the foundation and future of this country.ГўВҖВқ

Right, so it is coming up.

Did they deliberately put it at the end because itГўВҖВҷs the most important?

I straightened my posture and prepared to listen attentively.

ГўВҖВңCurrently, Rafdonia is in an unprecedentedly serious crisis. Due to this Dimensional Collapse, the number of high-ranking explorers has decreased by ninety percent.ГўВҖВқ

The ChancellorГўВҖВҰ no, I just canГўВҖВҷt get used to calling him that.

Duke Kealunus emphasized the current crisis, adding the opinions of experts as evidence.

ГўВҖВңThe Labyrinth Management Office has even provided analysis results that, at this rate, even if the Labyrinth is fully opened, the amount of Magic Stones supplied will not even reach the minimum required for national maintenance.ГўВҖВқ

In short, it means that if things continue like this, a national bankruptcy will occur.

ГўВҖВңTherefore, this Chancellor proposes one agenda item to break through the current crisis.ГўВҖВқ

Phew, fine.

If itГўВҖВҷs nothing special after all this buildup.

IГўВҖВҷll really just flip everything over and walk outГўВҖВҰ?

In the end, the act of flipping everything over and walking out did not happen.

Hmm, or maybe not yet?

My actions will depend on the DukeГўВҖВҷs subsequent response.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat did you just say? Say it again.ГўВҖВқ

I shot up from my seat and spoke for the first time in this meeting.

I really thought I might have misheard.

It was that nonsensical.

ГўВҖВңIt is as I said before.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThis Chancellor is considering signing a complete end-of-war treaty with Noark, and fully accepting all of their forces.ГўВҖВқ

YouГўВҖВҷre going to form an alliance with NoarkГўВҖВҰ?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 863 ---

Chapter 863: Terrible News (6)

Strictly speaking, it wasn't an alliance.

From the very beginning, Duke Kealunus had made it clear.

"Full acceptance...?"

That the residential areas would be separate.

That they would only explore the Labyrinth together.

That their identities would be thoroughly verified to prevent any criminal activities within the Labyrinth.

No matter what countermeasures were added, the truth remained unchanged.

The points listed before were just steps to soften the blow; Duke Kealunus was aiming for a complete merger.

"Are you out of your mind?"

The moment I unconsciously muttered those words, a brief silence fell before the surroundings grew noisy.

Some chastised me for such insolent words to the Chancellor.

Some said that while they wouldn't demand I use honorifics, I should still maintain some courtesy.

There was even one who insulted all non-humans in general.

And another who snickered in a very low voice, saying I must be on edge after my clanГўВҖВҷs downfall.

But none of that mattered.

Well, since power had been passed to Duke Kealunus, they were probably just trying to get on his good side.

Normally, I would have taken this opportunity to give them a spicy taste of the Barbarian way.

But...

Thwaaack-!

Now was not the time to bicker with such small fry.

I slammed my fist on the table, using just enough force not to break it, and silence once again descended upon the meeting hall.

"......!"

"!"

Everyone just wore surprised expressions at the sudden event; this time, no one scolded or insulted me.

The reason was simple and primal.

They must have thought they could really get beaten up if they messed around this time.

Anyway, it was quiet now, so I had achieved my goal.

"Say it again, Duke Kealunus. You're going to let those Noark bastards into the city?"

Unlike the nobles who were cautiously watching the situation, Duke Kealunus, surprisingly, was not flustered.

As if he had predicted such a situation.

"It is not yet a confirmed matter. I am merely presenting an agenda item for now."

"Then it's meaningless. There's no way those Noark bastards will do as we say."

At my words, Duke Kealunus said nothing and just looked at me, and from his gaze, I realized it too.

"It's already... been settled."

As if waiting for my words, the Duke opened his mouth.

"In fact, it was they who contacted us first. They knew that if they missed this opportunity, only ruin awaited them, so they made concessions on many fronts."

Those concessions were likely the things the Duke had mentioned earlier.

Differentiation of residential areas, identity verification, and stricter punishment for crimes, and so on.

"I am not unaware of your feelings... but for the good of the kingdom, one must sometimes learn to suppress personal emotions."

"..."

"Furthermore, I, as the Chancellor and a noble who also wishes for the good of the kingdom, am merely presenting a path. If you truly do not approve, you may exercise your right."

Simply put, he was telling me to use my precious vote.

But from my perspective, it just sounded like mockery.

My vote of opposition wouldn't change the outcome.

The very fact that such an agenda was brought up in an official setting like the Royal Family council meant that all behind-the-scenes agreements had already been made.

"Then, may I continue the discussion?"

After that, I made my displeasure known by not answering and sitting back down with a thud.

And...

"Attendees who agree with this agenda, please turn over your coins."

Afterward, each noble attending the Royal Family council exercised their precious right, and with that, the policy direction of Rafdonia was decided.

Bang, bang, bang!

The motion for a complete end to the war with Noark and their full acceptance was passed.

***

After that, there were a few more agenda items.

All of them were related to Noark, and the debates were surprisingly heated.

Just because the direction was the same didn't mean the method of travel would be.

"That level of support is too much! What reason do we have to trust those from Noark? It would be better to support the training of new Explorers instead!"

"That is correct. Once the number of Explorers is replenished, we will no longer need the help of such traitors, will we?"

"Ahem, I must disagree. Do you truly believe they became traitors of their own free will? Only by minimizing discrimination and providing active support can they be reborn as perfect subjects of Rafdonia..."

Duke Kealunus continued to lead the Royal Family council, discussing the details with the attendees, sometimes debating to find a point of agreement.

How much more time passed like that?

"It seems we have mostly wrapped things up. We shall conclude this meeting here."

At last, the long, long Royal Family council came to an end.

Afterward, I requested a private meeting with Duke Kealunus, but my request was denied on the grounds of fatigue.

It was late at night when I left the Palace of Wisdom.

Thud, thud.

The procession of wagons leaving the palace disappeared, leaving the night street empty.

I walked slowly to clear my head and get some fresh air.

'What will happen from now on...'

After the motion passed, I had sat with my arms crossed and eyes closed in displeasure for the rest of the meeting, but my ears had been open, so I had a firm grasp of the subsequent discussions.

To summarize the important points:

1.  Massive support for newbies.

Rafdonia decided to pour all its remaining national power into training new Explorers.

Tax exemptions.

Increased budget for the ExplorerГўВҖВҷs Guild.

It seemed they were even willing to release the Essences piled up in the royal treasury for promising Explorers, and they decided to send what were essentially 'conscription' orders to each tribe.

One would probably arrive for our Barbarian Tribe soon.

'I've been unwillingly given a spoiler.'

And this wasn't even the end of it.

Though it wasn't officially passed, there was even talk of lowering the Labyrinth entry age, which was only possible upon reaching adulthood, to seventeen...

Well, this one was not likely to pass.

The things mentioned before would also see some changes as meetings continued.

Anyway.

2.  Bifron.

To reduce the shock to the city, the Noark Forces would be confined to Bifron for the time being.

They even said they would activate the Dimensional Plaza there so those people would enter from that location?

'Well, if our living spaces overlapped immediately, the backlash would be much stronger.'

But surprisingly, the nobles weren't too worried.

They seemed to think that if they created a favorable public opinion for Noark and constantly spread propaganda, everyone would eventually accept it?

'I can't argue with that.'

Incidentally, the period of confinement in Bifron is undecided and will be shortened or extended depending on how the situation unfolds.

They also plan to open up accessible zones one by one, rather than all at once.

'Well, I don't care about that.'

Since I couldn't stop the integration of Noark, it didn't matter what happened with these parts.

What was most important to me as an Explorer was this.

3.  Three months later.

Newbie support, Noark integration.

After all this is done, in three months, the Labyrinth will open.

Simply put, it meant that by then, I too had to finish recruiting members and be ready for the expedition...

"Ah, greetings to Viscount Yandel...!"

As I walked wherever my feet took me, lost in thought, a voice I overheard made me stop.

"Ah."

The Hero's Plaza in the Imperial Capital Karnon.

It was also the first Dimensional Plaza in Rafdonia.

To be precise, the Stone of Honor located at its center.

I slowly approached and examined it.

[The great warrior of the Barbarian Tribe, Bjorn Yandel, and his companions have defeated the Lord of Terror, Dreadfear, and opened a hidden area.]

This was the first phrase with my name inscribed on this massive stone tablet.

Back then, it was the first event of its kind in 600 years, so it was a real mess.

The plaza was packed with nobles who came to watch, bustling with people taking commemorative photos, and on top of that, my house was swarmed with people.

But...

'There's no one here...'

Except for the two soldiers guarding the Stone of Honor, not a single person was in sight.

Well, it's night, so is that to be expected?

It has also been two months, and most importantly...

'It's already the third time.'

The interest was bound to be less than back then.

Once when I caught Dreadfear.

[The great warrior of the Barbarian Tribe, Bjorn Yandel, and his companions have entered the Underground First Floor, the Archives.]

Once when I entered the Underground First Floor.

And...

[The great warrior of the Barbarian Tribe, Bjorn Yandel, has unlocked the hidden power of a Lord, and a new island has appeared.]

And once more after consuming the Essence of Tears.

I had already heard what would be written, so it wasn't particularly surprising.

If anything, I felt a bit dazed.

'I think the condition was when he was talking to me and giving me strength and all that...'

Was this something that needed to be recorded on the Stone of Honor?

If someone were to ask me that, I would have to tilt my head.

It didn't feel like I had done anything particularly amazing.

'Anyway, it says a new island has been added, so I should probably explore it once I find it.'

Of course, it wasn't my top priority.

It would be something to stop by if possible along the way; my final goal was the Underground First Floor.

'To do that, I'll need to form a proper team first...?'

Ah, for the record, I still hadn't received a definite answer from Armin.

He was probably taking his time to sort out his thoughts.

Since there was no set date for when the Labyrinth would open.

For that reason, I hadn't pushed him, nor had I actively tried to recruit other members.

But...

'Now I need to hurry a bit.'

Through today's meeting, the opening date of the Labyrinth was decided.

Also, at that time, we would be entering the Labyrinth with the variable known as Noark.

Trustworthy companions were more crucial than ever.

"Now that I think of it, I should go right away."

"Pardon?"

"Ah, just talking to myself. Keep up the good work."

"It is an honor, Viscount."

After giving a word of greeting to the soldiers working late into the night, I took a military magic circle to a new destination.

Ah, the destination was a place all too familiar to me.

The Mage Tower.

The very place I had come to every day to be a human test subject for Raven, and where I had business for various other reasons afterward.

I had been here countless times, so I didn't get lost.

"Halt! Outsiders are currently forbidden from enГўВҖВ”"

As I approached the entrance, the guard, who had been speaking his formal lines cautiously, flinched upon recognizing me.

"ГўВҖВ”tering at this hour. If you have business, you must return after daybreak."

Right, you recognize me.

Seeing his attitude become cautious the moment he saw my face confirmed it.

'It would be strange if he didn't recognize me.'

I had once led the entire Barbarian Tribe to storm this place and smash it up.

Am I not the most wanted person here?

Anyway, that's that and this is this.

"Enough, just open the gate."

"As I have said, outsiders are currently not allowed to enter."

Hey, what's he on about.

Does he think this is my first time here?

"I'm aware that entry is possible at night when one has an invitation."

"... That was indeed the case before, but the regulations have since changed."

"Oh?"

I didn't know that.

Well, it was an understandable story.

War, refugees, riots...

In these turbulent times, you have to lock your gates tight.

"I am truly sorry that there is nothing I can do for you. Please, return after daybreak..."

For some reason, the guard who should have been showing a stern attitude was almost begging me, and I couldn't help but ponder for a moment.

'Coming back is a hassle.'

But if I just ignore him and go in, this guard will be in trouble.

I can already see him getting chewed out later.

In these tough economic times, if this guard loses his job, he won't be able to fulfill his duty as the head of his household.

'He was polite, too.'

So, what would be the best course of action?

As a K-Barbarian who knows propriety and courtesy, I seriously contemplated this issue and soon came to an answer.

"Ah."

If the problem is that I can't go in,

"Then I'll just make the other person come out."

Once a decision is made, there's no reason to hesitate.

Just as there is no hesitation in the sword of a master who has reached the state of 'mind is the sword'.

The moment my heart was moved, I shouted.

"Come outГўВҖВ”!!!!"

The one who made me come all the way to this Mage Tower.

"Urben HavelionГўВҖВ”!!!!"

The community of Evil Spirits.

The Master of the Ghost Busters.

Commonly known as GM.

"If you don't come out, I'm coming inГўВҖВ”!!!!!"

Hiding in a room all day is bad for your health.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 864 ---

Chapter 864: Terrible News (7)

A booming shout echoed through the sleeping city.

Of course, a single shout wouldn't reach the ears of someone holed up in a corner room high up in that tower.

ButГўВҖВҰ

If once isn't enough, then twice.

Three, four, five, six times.

The life of a Barbarian had taught me that even steel bends if you keep hammering it.

If I keep shouting, he's bound to come out eventually.

How could he not hear me when I'm making such a ruckus outside?

Just as I was gathering strength from my core to shout again.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat are you doing here?ГўВҖВқ

HuhГўВҖВҰ?

Turning my head toward the voice behind me, I saw GM frowning.

I looked at him and asked, "What are you?"

"Is that the right thing to say right nowГўВҖВҰ?"

AhГўВҖВҰ right, I guess not.

I was flustered and misspoke.

"Why are you here?"

"I was just on my way back from a short outingГўВҖВҰ?"

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAn outing?ГўВҖВқ

After a slight pause, I asked again, and GM fell silent.

It seemed like he had something to say, but was forcing himself to hold it back to avoid unnecessary stress.

"HahГўВҖВҰ Why did you come looking for me?"

"Hold on."

I cut him off with a serious expression.

"How did you know I came to find you?"

?

"Answer me, Urben Havelion. Have you been tailing me all this time?"

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHow could I not know when you were shouting like that?"

"Oh, that's a good point."

As he replied with a deep sigh, I nodded my head in silent agreement.

It was a sort of Barbarian-style small talk.

If you act dumb during a conversation, the other person tends to lower their guard a little.

Just like this.

"HahГўВҖВҰ so why were you shouting like that?"

"I came to see you, but they said uninvited people couldn't enter, so I was calling for you!"

You know how it is.

Like when you were a kid, you'd just go to a friend's house and shout for them.

Everyone did that when there were no cell phones.

So, using that method in this fantasy world wasn't strange at allГўВҖВ”

"If that's the case, you could have just told the guardsГўВҖВҰ"

Ah, so there was a way like that.

As I nodded my head in understanding again, he shook his head from side to side.

"ГўВҖВҰLet's move somewhere else first."

"Oh, good idea."

"Would a place a little farther away be all right? Since there was a bit of a commotionГўВҖВҰ?"

Afterward, I followed GM to a tavern about five minutes away.

Perhaps because it was near the Mage Tower, the interior was luxurious, and there were even private rooms perfect for quiet conversation.

The real conversation began after our ordered drinks and snacks arrived, and surprisingly, it was GM who spoke first.

"As I thoughtГўВҖВҰ you came because of that, didn't you?"

ГўВҖВҰHuh?

"You came because of the Underground First Floor, didn't you?"

I was genuinely startled by his words.

How did he know that? The whole tailing thing earlier was a joke, but was he actually investigating me? No, even if he was, not many people know about the Underground First Floor.

However, I didn't deny it.

"That's right, Urben Havelion."

My voice naturally lowered.

My gaze fixed on him, trying to catch every physical reaction, and my tensed body naturally stiffened.

"But how did you know?"

Depending on his answer, my attitude toward him from now on would have to change.

"I obtained information that the Fairy Tribe is certain of the Blood Spirit Marquis's survival because the Pureblood has not yet regenerated. And not long after I got that information, you, Viscount, began your external activities."

Huh?

"Thanks to that, my thoughts naturally led to the Underground First Floor. Obviously, you'd need trustworthy people to form an expedition, so I thought you might come looking for me as wellГўВҖВҰ"

I was momentarily stunned by GM's logical words.

All of his assumptions were correct.

Except for one thing.

"ГўВҖВҰAre you sure?"

"Pardon?"

"That the Fairy Tribe believes Erwen is alive. I asked if you're sure about that."

At my question, GM frowned again and tilted his head.

His eyes seemed to ask what kind of strange joke this was.

But I was one hundred percent serious.

Did he think I hadn't considered the Pureblood?

In fact, when I was holed up in my room, Misha had brought up the Pureblood first.

She told me how the Fairy Tribe had been certain of Erwen's survival and tried to form a rescue team when she was trapped on the Underground First Floor, and said she would go check herself.

ButГўВҖВҰ

"ГўВҖВҰYou don't mean to say you didn't know?"

I didn't.

"To be precise, I only knew that the Pureblood had not yet regenerated."

That day, the entire conversation I had with Misha about her visit was this:

[UmГўВҖВҰ they said the Pureblood hasn't come back yetГўВҖВҰ!]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

[ButГўВҖВҰ they said that when a Pureblood is lost during a Dimensional Collapse, it takes at least a year to returnГўВҖВҰ S-So, they said they'd let me know if anything changes, so let's just wait for nowГўВҖВҰ!]

Because of the special circumstance of a 'Dimensional Collapse', it was impossible to confirm her survival through the Pureblood this time.

Yes, that's definitely what the Fairy Tribe said.

But, what was this?

"Dimensional Collapse, you sayГўВҖВҰ? HmmГўВҖВҰ? Are you not mistaken about something? As far as I know, the Pureblood has no such special characteristicГўВҖВҰ?"

"I heard it directly from the Fairy Tribe."

"ГўВҖВҰThat is very strange then. There should be a record of a new Pureblood being born the very next month, even when Fairy King Armela lost his life in a Dimensional Collapse."

"What?"

As I slammed the table without thinking, he flinched in surprise but still frowned, unable to understand.

"Was there not some miscommunication? It's not like the Fairy Tribe would have deliberately tried to trick you, ViscountГўВҖВҰ"

"Ah."

"Seeing your expression, it seems that possibility really does exist, doesn't it?"

I couldn't deny it.

Because of all the karma I had accumulated.

The chief of the Fairy Tribe, who thought of Erwen as a daughter and had always viewed me unfavorably, was more than capable of it.

'Still, there's a line between a prank andГўВҖВҰ thisГўВҖВҰ'

Upon learning the truth, anger flared up inside me.

But contrary to that, a mixture of elation and relief also surged in my chest.

SqueezeГўВҖВ”

Forgetting my resentment toward the Fairy Tribe's chief, I clenched my fist tightly.

'She really was alive.'

I wasn't wrong.

***

A brief silence followed.

Amidst it, GM, who had been quietly sipping his beer, let out a chuckle of disbelief.

"You truly are something else, Viscount."

"ГўВҖВҰ?"

"I was certain you'd regained your spirits because you heard that newsГўВҖВҰ To think you were completely in the dark."

Was that sarcasm, or a genuine compliment?

I couldn't tell.

Maybe it was both.

It didn't matter.

"AhemГўВҖВҰ"

I cleared my throat, changing the atmosphere.

The Pureblood.

And Erwen's survival.

In truth, just hearing this news made meeting GM worthwhile.

But, I still had to do what I came here to do.

My real purpose was something else.

"Anyway, I'm going back to the Underground First Floor."

"Yes, please be safe."

"With you."

As I cut him off and rapidly got to the point, GM let out a deep sigh.

"What's with that look? You said you already expected this as soon as you saw me."

"Expectation and reality are different, are they not?"

Well, that's true.

I also came to my senses after hearing the story about the Pureblood today.

'She might be alive' and 'She is alive' are different things.

And now that the latter was confirmed, I could truly charge forward without any hesitation.

"So, your answer?"

"For now, I refuse."

"For now?"

He didn't refuse flat out; there was a condition attached.

Simply put, it meant he wanted something.

When I gestured for him to speak, GM let out another long sigh.

"Just as I said, for now. It's not that I want something. If it's you, Viscount, you would surely try to take me with you one way or another even if I refuse. Just like that time we went outside the fortress wall."

"Huh? Didn't you agree to it back then?"

"W-what! When did I ever agree!"

The guy reacted as if my words had struck a nerve.

Sheesh, if it's not true, he could just say so.

"Why are you getting so worked up? Calm down. It's bad for your lifespan."

"No, someone who knows thatГўВҖВҰ! Really, hahГўВҖВҰ Never mind. Yes."

He seemed to have a lot he wanted to say, but in the end, he couldn't get it all out and shut his mouth.

It was the perfect time to offer a carrot.

Pfft.

I smiled and spoke in a soothing tone.

"Don't you worry. I have no intention of forcing you. It's an expedition where you have to risk your life, and there's no guarantee when you can return. Even I wouldn't do something like that."

But what was this?

It was time for some kind of answer, but he just stared at me with a strange look in his eyes.

"Answer."

After my short prompt, a resentful voice came out of his mouth.

"If you knew that, then why did you do it back then?"

UhГўВҖВҰ

HmmГўВҖВҰ

"Ahem."

Seeing no reason to make a statement that would put me at a disadvantage, I exercised my right to remain silent and moved on.

"Anyway, whether you believe me or not, what I just said was all sincere. I came looking for you because I need a skilled and trustworthy mage. I don't really need a mage who's been dragged along against his will and only thinks about escaping."

"So this is just an offer. Magic Stones, Essences, researchГўВҖВҰ if there's anything you want, I'll provide it as best I can. Well, if you don't particularly want anything and just want to stay cooped up in your room, there's nothing I can do."

ГӮВ· I'll think about it for now.

"For nowГўВҖВҰ"

That wording certainly gave me a lot to think about.

"Could it be that you have a taste for being dragged around by force?"

"WhatГўВҖВҰ What are youГўВҖВҰ! It's not like that!"

"If it's not, it's not. Why get so excited?"

As I gave him a look that suggested he was looking even more suspicious, GM quickly added an explanation.

"I have my own various circumstances, so I was already in the middle of contemplating whether to resume Labyrinth expeditions or not."

"Then that's great. Give it some serious thought."

"..."

And so, the matter of the recruitment offer was temporarily put on hold.

Afterward, I held back GM, who was about to leave, and we had a light conversation over beer.

It made sense, right?

Once he went back to his room, who knew when he'd come out again? I had to build up as much favorability as I could today.

'I'm also curious about what this guy has been up to.'

After finishing the expedition outside the fortress wall, I hadn't really run into him.

Well, it seemed like he had been hearing news about me behind the scenesГўВҖВҰ

Still, he didn't know much about the Dimensional Collapse or the Underground First Floor, so we spent time talking about those things.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Ah, since we're here, could you take a look at this?"

I took out a piece of paper, and like a true mage, he immediately recognized what it was.

"Coordinates, I seeГўВҖВҰ?"

Yes, coordinates.

The ones I got from Arta last time.

[If you make it back to Rafdonia 'alive', please go to the spatial coordinates I'm about to give you.

I will hide something helpful there.]

I am genuinely curious.

What could possibly be at those coordinates?

If there really is something there, then all the common sense I knew would be turned upside down.

A being I met inside the Labyrinth.

A being that could be considered an NPC, in a way.

It would mean such a being had actually exerted influence outside the Labyrinth.

"Can you tell where this is?"

"Let me check first."

Afterward, he took out a magical tool that looked like a calculator from his pocket dimension.

And after skillfully manipulating it here and thereГўВҖВҰ

"Huh?"

He tilted his head, then operated the calculator once more.

But perhaps the resulting value was still the same.

"Who did you get these coordinates from?"

He soon put the calculator down with a tap and asked abruptly.

His question, in turn, piqued my interest.

"Where on earth is it to get a reaction like that?"

"That isГўВҖВҰ"

Soon, GM's mouth opened, and after hearing everything, I was lost in thought.

My curiosity had certainly grownГўВҖВҰ

But how was I supposed to find this place?

"Interesting."

It wasn't a location I could just casually drop by to check out.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 865 ---

Chapter 865: Terrible News (8)

Kaang! Kaang! 

A clear, ringing sound echoes at regular intervals.

What kind of sound is that, you ask? 

The answer is simple.

ItГўВҖВҷs the sound of a pickaxe made of lithium striking the wall.

Just like thisГўВҖВ” 

Kaang! Kaang! 

IГўВҖВҷm swinging a tool I was never meant to use in my life.

When I turn and look back, the tunnel IГўВҖВҷve dug stretches so far I can no longer see the end.

ItГўВҖВҷs already like a proper mine shaft.

Kaang! Kaang! 

Oh, and IГўВҖВҷm not alone, by the way.

GM is helping me.

When I crush rocks, GM uses a small magical golem to haul away the debris.

He even erects pillars with earth spells to keep the passage from collapsing, and summons light orbs to keep our sight clear. 

ГўВҖВҳThis really feels like a mine now.ГўВҖВҷ 

Part of me feels oddly proud of this work, though another part wonders what the hell IГўВҖВҷm doing.

Still, I canГўВҖВҷt help it.

ItГўВҖВҷs already been a week of eating and sleeping here, living in full-on Barbarian Miner mode.

ThereГўВҖВҷs only one reason for itГўВҖВ” 

This is the location GM told me about.

Beneath the city.

To be exactГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВҳUnder the Mage Tower.ГўВҖВҷ 

ThatГўВҖВҷs where the coordinates Arta gave me point to.

At first, I thought I could just start digging down from the first floor of the tower itself.

ButГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ 

[ThereГўВҖВҷs no way that would be possibleГўВҖВҰ!] 

GM strongly opposed it, saying thereГўВҖВҷs no chance the Mage Tower would stand by and let that happen.

And honestly, I wasnГўВҖВҷt planning to cause a big disturbance either; secrecy was important.

Not that I didnГўВҖВҷt try to push my way, though. 

[IГўВҖВҷll dig a tunnel.

YouГўВҖВҷre helping.] 

[WhГўВҖВ“what? Why would IГўВҖВҰ!] 

[Then I guess IГўВҖВҷll just start digging straight down from the first floor of the Mage Tower, and tell them youГўВҖВҷre the one who said thereГўВҖВҷs treasure buried here.] 

And thatГўВҖВҷs how I acquired a reliable accomplice named GM.

After that, with the BarbarianГўВҖВҷs strength and the mageГўВҖВҷs intellect combined, our tunnel project began.

The first plan was to go down into the underground sewers and start digging slowly toward the tower. 

[ThГўВҖВ“there are no sewers under the Mage Tower.] 

[What?] 

Turned out the ground beneath the Mage Tower was just solid earth.

There were some drainage channels, yes, but they were shallow, made so that repairs could be done easily.

In other words, those pipes werenГўВҖВҷt even large enough for people to walk through. 

[Why would the Mage Tower build it that way?] 

[IsnГўВҖВҷt it obvious? To construct something that massive, they must have dug deep into the ground.

They probably wanted no space below it, nothing that could undermine the structure.] 

[AhГўВҖВҰ] 

Now that he said it, it made sense.

They say ninety percent of construction is groundwork.

Even in ordinary construction sites, digging and laying the foundation takes the longest.

Once thatГўВҖВҷs done, the building goes up in no time.

So, for that reason, we broke through the wall of the nearest sewer and started tunneling toward the tower.

Kaang! Kaang! 

Today marks the seventh day.

According to GM, weГўВҖВҷve reached about seventy percent of our goal. 

ГўВҖВҳSo weГўВҖВҷve made ten percent progress each dayГўВҖВҰ huh.ГўВҖВҷ 

In theory, just three more days of work and weГўВҖВҷd be done.

But, honestly, IГўВҖВҷm doubtful.

IГўВҖВҷm the one doing the fieldwork, after all, and I can definitely feel itГўВҖВ” 

Kaang! Kaang! Kang! 

The deeper we go, the harder the earth gets.

Even when I swing with the same strength, fewer and fewer fragments come loose. 

ГўВҖВҳMaybe I really shouldГўВҖВҷve recruited some of the warriorsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ 

You donГўВҖВҷt appreciate how good Barbarians are at hard labor until they arenГўВҖВҷt around.

If I had the whole tribeГўВҖВҷs muscle, this wouldГўВҖВҷve been finished already.

But that wasnГўВҖВҷt an option.

Barbarians and secrecy donГўВҖВҷt mix.

Not because theyГўВҖВҷre liars or unfaithful or have loose tongues, but simply because they make way too many mistakes.

Kaang! 

I slammed my pickaxe down with annoyance, then stopped for a meal break inside the tunnel. 

ГўВҖВңAt this point, weГўВҖВҷre practically in the same boat, arenГўВҖВҷt we? WouldnГўВҖВҷt you tell me now? What exactly is it thatГўВҖВҷs down there?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

I gave GM no answer.

Because I have no idea myself.

Maybe thereГўВҖВҷs nothing at all beyond those coordinates.

If so, IГўВҖВҷll have been duped by a random NPC and ended up tunneling under a city for nothing.

But stillГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВңJudging by how hard youГўВҖВҷre pushing, there must be something incredible hidden down there.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңHonestly, after digging this long, I looked into a few things, and IГўВҖВҷm convincedГўВҖВ”if there is something buried here, itГўВҖВҷs not ordinary.ГўВҖВқ 

GM, who had been skeptical about this tunnel plan at first, now seemed genuinely excited.

His chest, once heavy from unpaid labor, now filled with curiosity and purpose. 

ГўВҖВңFor something to be buried there, the structure must predate the Mage Tower. That means itГўВҖВҷs at least several thousand years oldГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңAnd when I looked at the blueprints of the sewer and the drainage layout, I realized something. It feels deliberateГўВҖВ”like they went out of their way to ensure that nothing existed underneath the Mage Tower. Honestly, itГўВҖВҷs the perfect spot to hide something.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңIs that so?ГўВҖВқ 

I gave a nonchalant response to his excitement.

I mean, enthusiasm is nice and all, but flags like that usually mean disappointment later.

The more he talks like that, the more I feel thereГўВҖВҷll be nothing thereГўВҖВ”or something completely underwhelming. 

ГўВҖВңAlright, mealГўВҖВҷs over. Back to work.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңYes, sir.ГўВҖВқ 

And so, another day passed.

Then two, then three, fourГўВҖВ” 

Kaang!! 

On the sixth day after thatГўВҖВ” 

*** 

After twelve days total of brutal labor, it finally ended.

And thenГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВңIt really was here.ГўВҖВқ 

At the coordinates Arta had given, something was indeed hidden.

What it was exactlyГўВҖВ”I didnГўВҖВҷt know yet.

Kaang! 

Even when I struck the wall, not a single scratch appeared.

According to GM, some kind of magical barrier was embedded in it.

But it didnГўВҖВҷt seem particularly advanced since, after about three hours of tinkering, he finally made progress. 

ГўВҖВңSince it used ancient magicГўВҖВ”my specialtyГўВҖВ”I was able to undo itГўВҖВҰ but please be careful. I removed it, but I still donГўВҖВҷt know what kind of spell it was.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean you donГўВҖВҷt know? YouГўВҖВҷre the one who dispelled it.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңIt didnГўВҖВҷt seem like a simple shock-absorption spellГўВҖВҰ Try hitting it again. If itГўВҖВҷs not some hidden magic that evaded even my detection, it should break this time.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңAlright.ГўВҖВқ 

There was no point standing around.

As soon as GM gave the go-ahead, I pulled out my usual weaponГўВҖВ”a hammerГўВҖВ”and swung with all my strength.

Kwaaaang! 

The wall that hadnГўВҖВҷt even cracked before now shattered magnificently, revealing an empty space beyond.

A cube of rockГўВҖВ”no entrance, no exit, just a sealed chamber.

ShuaaaГўВҖВҰ 

Following the light orbs GM summoned, we entered and examined the place.

Nothing.

The walls were bare stone; there was no hidden mechanism.

Only one thing stood in the centerГўВҖВ”a single box. 

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs just sitting here in plain sight. Suspicious, donГўВҖВҷt you think?ГўВҖВқ 

It was as if whoever put it here didnГўВҖВҷt even bother to hide it.

Still, GMГўВҖВҷs eyes went wide the moment he saw it. 

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰBy the heavens.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңThat boxГўВҖВҰ itГўВҖВҷs made from the World Tree.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ 

The World TreeГўВҖВ”its material is the highest-grade of all.

The leather of dragons, the metal of ArkГўВҖВ”world-class stuff.

And yet, someone used that to makeГўВҖВҰ a box? 

ГўВҖВңWhat in the world could be insideГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңIs the box safe? Any trap spells?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңNone. Absolutely none that I can detect.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңAlright then.ГўВҖВқ 

Without hesitation, I opened it.

And thenГўВҖВ” 

FwooooomГўВҖВ”! 

The moment I lifted the lid, a strange pulse swept through the air.

Like something sealed inside had just escaped into the world.

Still, rather than worry about that, I focused on what was inside. 

ГўВҖВңThis isГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

Inside the box was a diamond-shaped gem.

I picked it up, examining it closely.

What even is this thing? 

Before I could make sense of it, GM suddenly gasped. 

ГўВҖВңHeavensГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңOh? You recognize this too?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңAh, nГўВҖВ“no, itГўВҖВҷs justГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

For some reason, he started stammering and sweating.

Obviously suspicious.

It was clear that he knew something but didnГўВҖВҷt know how to explain it.

ThatГўВҖВҷs how people act when theyГўВҖВҷre hiding something.

If there was nothing to hide, heГўВҖВҷd have started lecturing already. 

ГўВҖВңCan IГўВҖВҰ see it for a moment?ГўВҖВқ 

Yeah, right.

Normally I mightГўВҖВҷve let him, but with that greedy look in his eyes? Not a chance.

Sensing danger, I decided to play it safe and tried storing the gem in my pocket dimension.

ZingГўВҖВ”! 

ГўВҖВңHuh? What the hell? It wonГўВҖВҷt go in.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңAhhh!!ГўВҖВқ 

And GM suddenly shrieked like heГўВҖВҷd seen a ghost.

I had no idea what was happening, but I didnГўВҖВҷt have time to think.

Beeeeep! Beeeeeeeep! 

A shrill alarm blared through the chamber, urgent and sharp.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt coming from the chamber itselfГўВҖВҰ 

BeeeeeepГўВҖВ”! 

I perked my ears and realized it came from inside GMГўВҖВҷs clothes.

He hastily pulled out something like a pager. 

ГўВҖВңWГўВҖВ“why is thisГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңWhatГўВҖВҷs that supposed to be?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңThis is a communication device issued only to the masters of each school. For security, it doesnГўВҖВҷt use wordsГўВҖВ”only encrypted signals.ГўВҖВқ 

Like Morse code? 

ГўВҖВңSo what does this one mean?ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңIt meansГўВҖВҰ uhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңQuickly.ГўВҖВқ 

Pressed for an answer, he finally blurted it out. 

ГўВҖВңIt means an emergency has broken out at the Mage Tower. All personnel are to stop what theyГўВҖВҷre doing and gather immediately.ГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңOhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ 

ГўВҖВңGiven the timing, I have a feeling itГўВҖВҷs because of us. We should get out of here.ГўВҖВқ 

Good idea.

ThatГўВҖВҷs exactly what I was thinking.

Some treasure hidden under the Mage Tower, and the moment I touch it, alarms go off? 

No coincidence there. 

ГўВҖВңMove!ГўВҖВқ 

Time to run. 

*** 

We bolted through the tunnel weГўВҖВҷd spent ten long days digging.

Faster than ever before.

And not just because of the alarmГўВҖВ” 

Kwoooom! Thoom! Boom! 

Just as I was about to grab GM and throw him over my shoulder, the ground started collapsing.

Maybe it was because of the gem IГўВҖВҷd taken, maybe notГўВҖВ”but the timing was too perfect.

Either way, I didnГўВҖВҷt have time to analyze it.

Even with our magical supports, this handmade tunnel could only hold out so long.

TadadadaГўВҖВ”! 

I dashed like a madman to escape being buried alive, and after a tense chase with the collapsing earth, we barely made it back to the sewer. 

ГўВҖВҳEven if weГўВҖВҷd gotten trapped, we wouldnГўВҖВҷt have diedГўВҖВҰ probably.ГўВҖВҷ 

It just wouldГўВҖВҷve taken a long time to dig ourselves outГўВҖВ”or wait for someone to find us under the debris. 

(New) Shield Barbarians donГўВҖВҷt die easily.

GM, of course, was not included in that assurance. 

ГўВҖВңHuooohГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ 

He was gasping, drenched in sweat, as if heГўВҖВҷd just escaped deathГўВҖВ”which, technically, he had.

But there was no time to rest.

If we really were the cause of the emergency, we needed to make an alibi, fast.

Tadadada! 

So we sprinted again.

The ceilings here were too low to activate [Giant Form], so I ran light-footed, like an agility-type player.

Soon, the exit came into view.

Once outside, we split up. 

ГўВҖВңGo to the Holy Land first! IГўВҖВҷll come find you as soon as things settle!ГўВҖВқ 

GM turned toward the Mage Tower, while I headed quietly back to the Holy Land and got some rest.

ThenГўВҖВ” 

ГўВҖВңYou finally came.ГўВҖВқ 

Early the next morning, GM arrived, and I could finally satisfy my burning curiosity from last night. 

ГўВҖВңSo, what the hell is this gem?ГўВҖВқ 

HeГўВҖВҷd sorted out his thoughts during the night, and now explained smoothlyГўВҖВ”though, in typical mage fashion, his explanation was long-winded and full of technical jargon.

Still, if I summed it up into one sentenceГўВҖВҰ 

ГўВҖВңIn short, that gem can create and control an alternate spiritual worldГўВҖВ”the one known as the ГўВҖВҳAssembly of Evil Spirits.ГўВҖВҷГўВҖВқ 

In other words, it gives the power to become the God of the Ghost Busters.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 866 ---

Chapter 866: Influx (1)

The ability to revive the Ghost Busters.

No, beyond that, the chance to become the ruler of that space.

ГўВҖВҳThis might be quite tempting.ГўВҖВҷ

In truth, I didn't care much about the latter.

Just the thought that the community could be revived made my heart race without me knowing.

It was only natural.

How disappointed had I been after Auril Gavis unilaterally shut down the server?

There was a kind of stress that could only be relieved by having modern conversations periodically, and not being able to do that was truly frustrating.

It felt like being forced to quit smoking.

Sven Parab, an Evil Spirit, was in my acquaintances category, but revealing my own otherworldly origins for such a reason would be ridiculous.

ГўВҖВҳBut to think it could be revived...?ГўВҖВҷ

I had to do this, no matter what.

It was more than just stress relief.

The moment I restored it, I could communicate with my companions on the Underground First Floor through Sven Parab.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

The thought made my heart pound, but I suppressed my excitement as much as possible and kept my expression neutral.

After all, a poker face was basic for negotiations.

"... If you have no particular use for it, perhaps I could take it and do some research."

"Hold it right there."

?

Hey, you think you can just get something like this for free?

No matter how much you try to act like it's nothing, your eyes are already full of desperation.

Without further ado, I listed my conditions.

"Join the Anabada Clan. Promise to enter the Underground First Floor. Grant me full authority over the spiritual space and share all research findings."

"... Excuse me?"

"If you agree to these conditions, I'll hand it over."

"Ah..."

"I'll tell you now, there are no other options."

I took a firm, non-negotiable stance, and the rest was up to the GM.

". I will do it."

I had succeeded in recruiting a puppet boss and a Mage.

***

After the recruitment was settled, I moved on to the next matter.

In truth, I was just as curious about this as I was about the gem.

"So, what exactly was that alarm?"

The very alarm that had blared not long after I took this gem.

Was it really just a coincidence?

"Ah, right, there was that."

As if he had completely forgotten, the GM exclaimed softly and began to explain yesterday's alarm.

"To give you the conclusion first... it seems the alarm did go off because we st... no, because we discovered this item."

"...'Seems'?"

"Then that's not a conclusion, but a guess, isn't it?"

I tilted my head and pointed it out, but he, now used to this, continued without any particular reaction.

"When I arrived at the Mage Tower, there were only a few schoolmasters there. Ah, and there was one member of the Rose Knights."

"Only a few?"

"Yes. By the time I arrived, it was already late. The forces that had gathered early had already departed, and we were told to monitor the situation from here and decide whether or not to provide support."

From what I heard, the masters gathered at the time were all confused about what was happening, and the remaining Rose Knights member provided no explanation.

"So they said they waited for a few more hours, completely in the dark..."

"Just as dawn was breaking, the Mage Tower Lord and the Rose Knights returned. From their tense expressions and the way they were watching the Royal Family, it was clear something had gone wrong."

"And then?"

"The assembly order was soon lifted. Afterwards, I cautiously asked one of the masters from the vanguard whom I was friendly with about the situation, and he said they had been to the underground sewers."

"What? The sewers?"

At this point, it was safe to say it wasn't a guess but a fact.

There was no way that many coincidences could align.

"But why did you use that phrasing?"

"Let's just say... it's a habit."

"Fix it quickly. That kind of attitude isn't good for getting by in life."

It was sincere advice, but he showed no reaction this time either, and so the conversation moved on to the next topic.

"But... where on earth did you get those coordinates? It really looks like the Mage Tower and the Royal Family collaborated to hide it away..."

...

How much of this should I tell him...

After a moment of thought, I quickly made a decision.

'We're in the same boat now, aren't we...?'

So I revealed most of what had happened in the Labyrinth.

Honestly, I also wanted to tell someone and ask for their opinion.

"[Go to the spatial coordinates I'm about to give you. I will hide something there that will be of help.]"

And that something really did exist.

That's what made it all the more confusing.

Was the Arta I met not an NPC?

Maybe that was really the case.

Because no hidden piece in the Labyrinth could affect the outside world, only the Labyrinth itself.

"Uh... so, to summarize..."

The GM's reaction after hearing my whole story was subtle.

"You're saying that a person named 'Arta' whom you met in the Labyrinth gave you those coordinates? Saying he would hide something helpful for you, Viscount?"

"That's right. And for your information, as I said before, he claimed he was from the past."

"Hah..."

The GM seemed to be pondering whether I was being serious or not.

It wasn't that I didn't understand.

It was just that unbelievable of a story.

But perhaps he sensed I wasn't joking?

"If what you say is true, Viscount, then it must be one of two possibilities."

After thinking for a short while, the GM finally spoke.

"Two possibilities?"

"Yes. The first is that Arta truly used an ancient magi-tech device to enter the Labyrinth dimension from a past timeline."

Hmm, I'd already thought of that, so I'll pass.

When there are even Evil Spirits who have crossed over from other dimensions, it wouldn't be impossible for a being to enter the Labyrinth directly.

Although, for some reason, I felt that possibility was low.

"What's the second?"

"It could be a phenomenon caused by the nature of the Labyrinth."

"Explain it simply."

"You've been outside the fortress walls, Viscount, so you must know. The world beyond the walls is very similar to the Labyrinth, a world filled with monsters."

Ah, now I see what he's getting at.

"The Labyrinth was clearly created in imitation of reality. The same could be true for the 'Arta' you met, Viscount."

Arta had been talking about the 'original version'.

"It might be difficult to understand, so let me elaborate. In actual history, Arta succeeded in time travel and met 'A' from the future. For him, Arta buried a treasure deep underground even before the Mage Tower was built. However, for some reason, 'A' was unable to find that treasure."

...

"The Labyrinth recreated that event based on history, and you, Viscount, experienced that recreated event from the position of 'A'."

I was grateful for the detailed explanation, but it wasn't the novel idea I had been hoping for.

After all, I had thought of that possibility myself.

No, in fact, I believed this was the most likely possibility.

The Labyrinth's hidden pieces always had an original that served as their motif.

But if there was one thing that bothered me...

"Then what about the Royal Family or the Mage Tower? Didn't they already know this was buried here?"

"Uh... I'm not sure about that. But isn't it possible there's some conspiracy or secret history we don't know about? Perhaps they didn't know the exact location..."

What nonsense.

Just a moment ago, he was making a fuss about how it could be a treasure hidden by the Mage Tower or the Royal Family.

Despite opening up and asking for advice, I hadn't gained much.

"Tsk."

It seems I have no choice but to find out myself.

***

I had expected it, but reviving the community using the gem took quite some time.

Even though I gave him the gem to research as he pleased, there had been no significant progress yet.

However, it wasn't a total loss.

"From now on, I intend to call this gem the 'Fragment of Origin'."

He had given the gem a name.

And a meaningful one at that: 'Fragment of Origin'.

"... Is it related to the Power of Origin?"

Having explored Arta's Secret Base, it was hard for me to think he had just chosen a cool-sounding name.

So, I persistently questioned him about the reason for giving it such a name, and after a moment's hesitation, he honestly revealed the truth.

"Someone I know once gave a similar name to an object like this."

"Who is this person...?"

"His name is Auril Gavis. He is an incredible Mage, not well-known to the public."

Right, that old man.

After all, the original owner of the community was that very same old man.

The GM had received authority from that old man to manage it, and for some reason, the old man had unilaterally shut down the community's server.

'Fragment of Origin, you say...?'

In any case, hearing this gave me a lot to think about.

First, the fact that it's called a 'fragment' suggests it's not in a complete state...

Well, if I gather all these fragments, will I gain the Power of Origin and be able to create a new Labyrinth or something?

I don't know yet.

But if I keep researching, I might be able to figure something out.

Anyway, I'll set this issue aside for now.

Swish.

I slowly tilt my head back and look up.

No, to be precise, I look at the black spire that soars endlessly into the sky.

"Oh...! It's really tilted!"

"Even seeing it up close, if it's this much... isn't that pretty serious, meow?"

The Mage Tower, which had always stood tall in the same spot, was now slightly tilted, like a certain tower in Europe.

It was probably the effect of the collapsed tunnel below.

Of course, people were completely unaware of that fact, so the case of the tilting Mage Tower became quite a hot topic.

Thanks to that, the number of tourists increased, revitalizing the surrounding commercial district...

"Wow, there are so many people... Can't you get a little bigger, meow? So I can sit on your shoulder."

"You think I can?"

I chuckled and ruffled Misha's hair.

The Mage Tower plaza was currently packed with a huge crowd.

However, they weren't just here to see the tilted Mage Tower.

There was another event today.

"Oh, they're coming...!"

Amidst the murmurs of the crowd, a long procession approached from the distance.

A procession like that of criminals bound by ropes.

"It's those Noark curs!"

"Damn them...!"

"Die! Die!"

The crowd hurled curses, while the Noark citizens, protected by soldiers, walked down the main road as if being escorted to prison.

This was the method of 'influx' that the Rafdonia Royal Family and Noark had finally agreed upon.

"Because of you, I lost my home and my family!"

"Die!"

Officially, Noark had been defeated.

They had surrendered completely, and now they were on their way to the Imperial Capital to be judged.

And...

'They will be sentenced to serve the nation in the form of labor.'

The citizens were ecstatic watching them being dragged away like criminals, but I knew this was all a well-written script.

Was that why?

"Diiiiie!!"

A man from the crowd rushing into the procession didn't seem like a coincidence at all.

Shunk!

A dagger plunged into the stomach of a Noark man whose arms were bound.

But was this perhaps his first time stabbing someone with a knife?

"Huh, huh huh..."

The one who was stabbed stood still, while the one who did the stabbing looked dazed, letting go of the dagger and stumbling backward.

An expression that seemed to say, "What have I done?"

The Noark man with the knife in him trudged toward the other man.

"Huh...!"

"Kyaaah...!"

As the large-framed Noark man, who looked like he could kill several grown men in an instant even with his hands cuffed, approached the man, the onlookers cried out in alarm.

Ah, but of course, what they expected didn't happen.

Thud.

The fierce-looking Noark man did not get angry at the man who stabbed him.

He didn't complain about being unfairly treated, asking what they had done wrong.

He just knelt and shed tears endlessly.

"Sorry... I'm so sorry..."

...

"I did it because I wanted to live, too... Because I was born in that underground den... Because they told me I had to fight..."

The Noark man cried and begged like a child, and the dazed man, stunned once more, blankly asked his age.

"Seventeen... I'm seventeen..."

"Seventeen, with that build?"

It was hard to believe, but looking closely, I could see youthful features here and there.

"You're... the same age as my son."

"S-sorry..."

"Why, at such a young age..."

Seeing the numerous scars carved into the large body, the man was once again at a loss for words.

In Rafdonia, it was an age where one couldn't even enter the Labyrinth.

But in Noark, that was the norm.

In a city where strength was everything, beyond the reach of society's systems and rules, would anyone care about age?

"I'm sorry... I wanted to live... For causing trouble..."

The Noark man pressed his forehead to the dirty ground and wept in apology, and the other man could do nothing more.

Soon enough, the soldiers who had been observing restrained the man holding the knife by grabbing both his arms.

And...

Click, click!

The reporters captured that moment with their magical tools.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 867 ---

Chapter 867: Influx (2)

The events after the procession of Noark citizens were quite simple.

Newspaper companies scrambled to print headlines.

[Noark Citizens Attacked During Transport, Children Apologize for Their Sins in TearsГўВҖВҰ].

["I Did It Because I Wanted to Live," a Tearful ConfessionГўВҖВҰ].

[The Star of the First Noark War Criminal Trial is a 16-Year-Old Girl.]

[Sentenced to Death in the First Trial.

However, Acknowledges Guilt and Will Not Appeal.]

[Exclusive Interview, On Being Born in NoarkГўВҖВҰ].

Starting with the incidents at the Mage Tower Plaza, a flood of related news followed the administrative schedule.

Every morning, I gathered and checked all these news articles, and they ended up piled high like a mountain on the first floor.

Feeling the need to organize them, I was in the middle of arranging them in chronological orderГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңTsk.ГўВҖВқ

A particular headline caught my eye.

[The Royal Family Finally Breaks Their Silence.

Labyrinth Portals Opened Two Months Ago, but All Were Wiped Out by a Dimensional Collapse.]

It was a news article from three weeks ago.

The Rafdonia Royal Family had officially disclosed the recent events.

Because my name was inscribed on the Stone of Honor, it had become public knowledge that the Royal Family had opened the portals, but this was the first time the full story was revealed to the public.

[Total Magic Stone Reserves Down 80% From Last Year.

Is This Truly the Beginning of the End?]

[The Ranks of High-Level Explorers Have Been Decimated.

The End of Another Golden Generation.]

[The Fall of a Giant, Most Members of the Anabada Clan Did Not Return AliveГўВҖВҰ].

[Inflation at an All-Time High, 1.7 Times Worse Than During the Iron Wall RebellionГўВҖВҰ].

After the Dimensional Collapse event was revealed, the pattern of fear-mongering truly began.

The newspapers, seemingly without a care for the Royal Family's opinion, emphasized the national crisis every single day.

As a result, the ГўВҖВҳtheory of the apocalypseГўВҖВҷ became a reality among the citizens, and anxiety soared.

And when that fear reached its peak.

[Count Erdiang's Shocking Statement, Executing the Noark Citizens is a National Waste.

They Should Be Sentenced to Hard Labor, Mining Magic Stones in the LabyrinthГўВҖВҰ].

That was the first time it was mentioned.

[Marquis Embererth, This is Absurd.

To Comfort the Citizens Who Lost Their Families, All of Them Must Be BeheadedГўВҖВҰ].

Some raised their voices, calling it absolutely impossible.

[A CitizenГўВҖВҷs Song Echoes in the Plaza.

The Organizer of the Assembly Believes the Noark People Share Our Roots, and That It is Right to Give Them a Chance to Atone for Their SinsГўВҖВҰ].

And some fully supported the proposal.

It was quite amusing to watch.

A citizens' song?

A peaceful assembly, just singing in a plaza?

The fact that this was even possible was a comedy.

The original Rafdonia would never tolerate such a thing.

They would react immediately to any assembly and use force to disperse it.

But look at the pictures in the newspaper.

The soldiers lined up next to the assembly participants were just watching them, doing nothing.

ГўВҖВҳIt's really going just as those people said it would.ГўВҖВҷ

I felt a tightness in my chest already, but I didn't want to call the citizens playing into this play uncivilized or anything of the sort.

This wasnГўВҖВҷt their fault.

It was just the natural course of things.

No, it wasn't as if modern people would be much different anyway.

ГўВҖВң... Sigh.ГўВҖВқ

Still, I couldnГўВҖВҷt help the bitter taste in my mouth.

Now I truly understood why all dictators control the media first.

The press is a tool for ГўВҖВҳpersuasion.ГўВҖВҷ

When the political sphere makes a unilateral decision, the press endlessly spouts words to ГўВҖВҳpersuadeГўВҖВҷ the citizens, who are utterly powerless against it.

And in Rafdonia, there isn't even an ГўВҖВҳoverseas pressГўВҖВҷ that could offer an objective viewpoint.

The news the Royal Family wants.

The assemblies the Royal Family wants.

The administrative orders the Royal Family wants.

These three things were all that happened daily in Rafdonia, but the number of people who knew it was all a grand play was extremely small.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

I paused while organizing the newspapers.

It was a paper dated just yesterday.

It wasn't news related to Noark or the Royal Family, and it wasnГўВҖВҷt even a headline, just a small article on the second page.

[Last Month, Number of Evil Spirit Executions Rises for the First Time in Three Years.]

I hope itГўВҖВҷs nothing serious.

***

In a clearing in the forest, lit by flickering torches.

I looked at the haphazardly lined up young Barbarians and shouted.

"Congratulations, young warriors!"

This was the very first process one experienced when choosing the Barbarian in [Dungeon & Stone].

The Coming of Age Ceremony.

Normally, this is where I would have them choose their weapons and send them off to the Labyrinth, butГўВҖВҰ

This Coming of Age Ceremony couldn't be like that.

The Labyrinth wasnГўВҖВҷt even open yet, after all.

ГўВҖВңFrom this day forward, you will find your own weapons and be reborn as true warriors!"

Therefore, I slightly modified my usual speech to proceed with the event.

I couldnГўВҖВҷt just skip the ceremony because they couldn't go to the Labyrinth, could I?

ГўВҖВңNow, come forward one by one and choose a weapon that suits you!"

Of course, leather greaves were provided as a basic item.

It was a revolution I had introduced after becoming the Tribe Chief.

Originally, I also gave out two potions along with the greaves, but I held those back for now.

They weren't entering the Labyrinth immediately, and if I gave them out beforehand, some of them would surely use them in strange ways.

It would be more reasonable to give them the potions when the Labyrinth opened later.

ГўВҖВңBehelГўВҖВ”laaaaaaaaa!!!"

As soon as the ceremony began, the young warriors let out a unified roar.

In fact, this was a tradition I had deliberately created.

After the first revolution of providing leather greaves and two potions, I saw the young warriors roar in celebration, and it struck me that this method was quite good.

For weeding out the Evil Spirits.

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

While everyone was roaring, I spotted several youths who were dazed and out of it.

Pretending not to notice, I concluded the ceremony as usual.

ГўВҖВҳFour of themГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

It was a first.

Never before had four Evil Spirits appeared in a single Coming of Age Ceremony.

ГўВҖВҳIs something really going onГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

At this point, the newspaper article I had seen felt significant.

Recently, I had been leaving the ceremonies to Ainar or Karon, but I decided to conduct this one myself just in case after seeing that news.

And the number suddenly increased like this?

ГўВҖВҳI need to check this out.ГўВҖВҷ

But finding out right away was a bit of a headache.

Sure, I could just drag them away and intimidate them into telling me everythingГўВҖВҰ

But then I would have to silence them myself.

The fact that the Barbarian Tribe Chief kept an Evil Spirit alive would become a huge issue if it got out.

ГўВҖВҳThe cleanest way would be to have them join the community and ask them thereГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

But there was no telling when that would be possible.

So, I went to find the GM after a long time.

That's how it is with researchers, isn't it? You have to pester them periodically to get good results.

Thus, I left the Tribe Chief's tent and headed to where the GM was.

It took less than fifteen minutes to arrive.

He was practically living in the Holy Land now anyway.

"Ah, you're here."

ГўВҖВңYes, anything new today?"

"Haha......."

Right, so no progress today either.

I gave the awkwardly smiling man a silent, pressing look before pulling up a chair and sitting down.

ГўВҖВңButГўВҖВҰ what brings you here today.......ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs life here treating you well?"

"There's nothing to be treated well or not. I don't leave this place anyway.ГўВҖВқ

In truth, it was the GM's own decision to set up a temporary lab here.

With the Mage Tower in a state of emergency over the ГўВҖВҳFragment of Origin,ГўВҖВҷ he said he was a bit scared to take it there.

He had asked for a place, saying the Barbarian Holy Land would be more secretive than anywhere else for his research, and I had found him a spare house.

It was a quiet area with no other Barbarians around, as construction had been halted due to the economic crisis.

ГўВҖВңSoГўВҖВҰ what brings you here?"

Tsk, do I look like someone who only comes when I have business?

I took out a newspaper I had brought with me and tossed it to him.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Last Month, Number of Evil Spirit Executions Rises for the First Time in Three Years.]

The man flinched slightly upon seeing the circled newspaper article.

ГўВҖВң... Why are you showing this to me?"

ГўВҖВңI thought you might know something.ГўВҖВқ

"..."

Oh, I was right.

ГўВҖВңJudging by your expression, you seem to have an inkling, don't you?"

When I probed gently, the man seemed to ponder something for a moment before speaking.

ГўВҖВңBefore I answer, may I ask one thing?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGo ahead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount, how do you plan to utilize the Spiritual World created with the Fragment of Origin?"

Hah, why is he asking this all of a sudden?

He hadn't asked before, so I had just let it be.

ГўВҖВңI planned to use it as is. I was going to gather the Evil Spirits and observe them.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs it purely out of curiosity?ГўВҖВқ

"No, of course not."

I shook my head and gave a rational reason why I had no choice but to be interested in the ГўВҖВҳGhost Busters.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңThe Royal Family, Noark, the Mage Tower, the noblesГўВҖВҰ This world has countless factions. I believe the Evil Spirits are also a faction with great potential, just one that hasn't been able to gather externally.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you planning to control them?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo some extent. ItГўВҖВҷs good to have a friendly faction.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҷs no guarantee they will be unconditionally friendly to you, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

I let out a small laugh.

ГўВҖВңHave you not seen how the city has been lately?"

At that one sentence, the GM shut his mouth.

He seemed to understand exactly what I was talking about.

But did he still have a lingering question?

ГўВҖВң... Is that truly the only reason?ГўВҖВқ

I pretended to think for a moment before answering cautiously, as if letting him in on a secret.

In fact, I had planned to reveal this much.

ГўВҖВң... There is an Evil Spirit in the Anabada Clan. And I plan to use that Spiritual World to try and contact him.ГўВҖВқ

"Ah......!"

ГўВҖВңIs that a sufficient answer?"

The man nodded with a look of relief, as if he finally understood all my motives.

It looked like he had been agonizing over this aloneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

"Alright, now it's your turn to answer.ГўВҖВқ

"..."

ГўВҖВңHmm, that sort of response is troubling.ГўВҖВқ

As I rolled my shoulders as if to loosen up, the GM quickly yelped and spoke.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not that I didnГўВҖВҷt want to answer, I was just thinking about how to explain this.ГўВҖВқ

"Just say it, I'll figure it out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you say soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ. First, it is true that the number of Evil Spirits has been increasing rapidly lately.ГўВҖВқ

At his words, I let out a quiet sigh.

Hah, so it wasn't a coincidence that four of them appeared at once.

ГўВҖВңDo you know the reason?"

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The man's story was quite long.

It was because he tried to translate modern terms into this worldГўВҖВҷs language to make me understandГўВҖВҰ

Something about how after Ghost Busters was shut down, the Evil Spirits who knew each other started holding offline meetings.

And how they rescued an Evil Spirit who was about to be executed.

And how he came to know this information.

I decided to hear the detailed circumstances later.

For now, the last sentence was enough for me.

ГўВҖВңHe said that because people disappearing left and right has become a global topic, everyone and their mother is starting to play 'the game'ГўВҖВҰ."

This is insaneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВҳSeriously, why would anyone play a game known for making people disappear?ГўВҖВҷ

For some reason, I could already hear the wails of newbies trapped in a trash game echoing in my ears.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 868 ---

Chapter 868: Influx (3)

Are they insane?

At first, that was my thought, and it seemed absurd, but after thinking about it, it wasn't an incomprehensible phenomenon.

I mean, it makes sense, right?

A game where people go missing?

Isn't that the kind of urban ghost story that would pique one's interest?

No, it wasn't even a ghost story.

It was something that was actually happening.

It was entirely possible for the number of newbies to explode as the rumors spread.

However, the problem wasГўВҖВҰ

'This isn't an issue that can be viewed so simply.'

Why hadn't something like this happened until now?

Even if time on Earth flows much slower than it does here, almost twenty years have passed since the first Evil Spirit from Earth arrived.

And yet, not a single person knew the game was connected to the 'disappearances,' and no such urban ghost story even existed.

Simply putГўВҖВҰ

'Someone must have been intentionally blocking the information.'

But that information suddenly spread.

Could this really be a coincidence?

Of course, the possibility exists.

For instance, someone might have been nearby when they were clearing the game, and a witness account could have spread.

Or perhaps someone had been tenaciously investigating the disappearances.

Such cases were entirely possible.

After all, Hyunbyeol herself started the game because of my disappearance, didn't she?

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

'Something feels offГўВҖВҰ'

In the first place, who made the cheat version?

A game that automatically sends you to another world upon clearing it.

Could an ordinary person modify the code to do that?

Well, I don't believe it's that sloppy.

It would be far more convincing to think that the bastards who sent us here had a change of heart and distributed the cheat version themselves.

'ThenГўВҖВҰ is the current explosion of new players also their doing?'

For now, that seems to be the highest probability.

But I just can't figure out their intention.

Since the Gate of the Abyss showed no signs of opening no matter how many people they sent, did they decide to switch to a swarm offensive?

"Hah, how would I know what those bastards are thinkingГўВҖВҰ"

"Pardon?"

"It's nothing, just talking to myself."

In any case, hearing more from the GM, there were many pitiful aspects to the situation.

Not only did the urban ghost story spread, leading to more people trying the game, but the cheat version was also modified, and now there was even a 300x difficulty mode?

So, even ordinary people with no knowledge of the game could easily clear it on their first try and were being kidnapped one after another into this worldГўВҖВҰ

'My goodnessГўВҖВҰ'

Once the Labyrinth opens, I could already see the future of the newbies who would be crushed the moment they entered.

I myself went through hell after stepping on a trapГўВҖВҰ

My heart feels heavy.

Is there anything I can do?

'It feels like a waste to just let them die.'

Hmm, I need to give this some serious thought.

The Tribe Chief of a tribe.

A Viscount of Rafdonia.

The Captain of the Anabada ClanГўВҖВҰ

No, let's leave that out for now.

Anyway, I don't like the idea of just standing by and watching.

I am no longer the bare-bones Barbarian who had nothing but a shield.

***

Time continued to fly by after that.

Looking back on what's happened, many things had occurred.

I participated in the Royal Family council and attended the tribal summit.

"You lied, didn't you? About the Purebloods."

Ah, the Tribe Chief of the Fairy Tribe I met at the tribal summit didn't even bat an eye and completely ignored me, even as I glared at him and showed my displeasure.

"As you all will know from the Royal Family's notice."

"HahГўВҖВҰ what are we supposed to do when they send such a coercive notice out of the blue?"

"I can understand supporting the armaments of the children who will become new explorers. But how are we supposed to create three thousand new explorers?"

"Huh? Speak up! If you're the representative of the humans! Shouldn't you at least say something!"

"Ah, wellГўВҖВҰ Rafdonia is currently in a state of severe national crisis, so we must all work togetherГўВҖВҰ"

The summit that followed was no different from a session to vent their frustrations on a scarecrow, and in the end, the notice sent by the Royal Family was not withdrawn.

Anyway, the summit ended like that.

"Oh, you're finally here. Have you made a decision?"

"About half of one."

"Half, you sayГўВҖВҰ"

Afterward, Armin, who came to see me, proposed a condition for my recruitment offer.

"I couldn't get the members' consent to follow you to the Underground First Floor, but they said it would be fine to explore the Labyrinth together for a while. Everyone's opinion was that they wanted to decide carefully regarding the Underground First Floor."

"HmmГўВҖВҰ"

"I can't give you a definite answer, but even if we can't join you all the way to the Underground First Floor, we intend to fully assist you, Viscount, and follow your orders until then. How does that soundГўВҖВҰ"

What is there to say?

"Do as you wish."

I coolly agreed.

Either way, I had nothing to lose.

It wasn't as if I could go down to the Underground First Floor right away.

For now, I needed to form a group to make it easier to recruit more members later.

"Then I'll be on my way."

"Yes, take care."

After meeting Armin, I didn't go around recruiting more members, but I was still plenty busy.

Not only did I check the news every day, but I also had to stop by the Holy Land from time to time to look after the young warriors who would be the first to explore the Labyrinth when it opened.

Well, to be honest, I only made occasional appearances to give them some mental guidance, while Ainar and Karon were the actual training instructors.

"Bahella-a-a-a-a-a-a!"

"If you see a Hans, smash his head on sight!!"

And if there was another special eventГўВҖВҰ

'It would be that damn Guild Master.'

He was pestering me so much that I ended up taking a few days to go around campaigning with him.

My name being newly inscribed on the Stone of Honor.

The heroic tale of me rescuing many explorers from the Dimensional Collapse.

And even external factors like the extreme decrease in the number of high-rank explorers.

Thanks to a combination of various factors, the Guild Master, who received my public endorsement, avoided dismissal and kept his position as Guild Master.

It seemed like the people inside the Guild thought I was his backer.

I didn't step forward to correct them.

It was that kind of deal in the first place, and anywayГўВҖВҰ

"He-here you goГўВҖВҰ"

"Let go of my hand before you speak."

"Ugh!"

As for me, I just had to take what I was owed.

Besides, it's a good thing to have the head of a massive organization like the Explorer's Guild under my influence.

After receiving the Dragon Heart, I immediately went to the Holy Land and revived the Shaman first.

Well, is it right to say revived?

According to the young Shaman who had even shed tears to save his master, it would take some time for him to regain consciousness.

'Once the Shaman wakes up, I can continue with the Engraving as wellГўВҖВҰ'

Of course, I haven't gathered the materials yet, so I'll have to collect them gradually.

After leaving the room, things seem to be proceeding smoothly, and I feel a surge of motivation.

If I don't get greedy and take it one step at a time, I'll eventually reach the Underground First Floor.

'The revival of the Ghost Busters is also making some progress.'

The GM's research finally showed results, and the first test run was completed a few days ago.

Though it was an empty community with only me and the GM.

He said he needed to do more research to move the server used by the existing players?

He didn't sound very confident, so I'm a little skeptical, but I'm not too worried.

If it can't be done, I'll just have to make it happen.

Anyway.

Fwip-!

Before starting today's schedule, I unfold the newspaper.

If my recollections so far were about how I spent my time, everything about how the outside world has changed is contained in these newspapers.

That the Rafdonia Royal Family finally suspended the executions of the Noark citizens due to public opposition.

That prices skyrocketed once again as if someone was manipulating them, fueling nationwide anxiety.

That with the current Magic Stone reserves, they would run out in a few months, accompanied by professional statistics that would normally never make it into an article.

It was news that stressed me out just by looking at it, but I couldn't just plug my ears, so I've read the newspaper every day without fail.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

'It's ruining my mood first thing in the morning, as expected.'

The headline of the newspaper I just opened makes me frown, just as it has all this time.

[Age of Chaos, Explorer Registration Rate Hits All-Time High.

The Emergence of Young Heroes.]

What emergence of heroes?

Lately, the entire city has been creating an atmosphere where those who say they won't enter the Labyrinth are treated as utter cowards.

No, as traitors.

It was all due to the Royal Family's machinations.

[Retired Explorer Decides to Re-enter the Labyrinth.

Family is Worried but Supportive.]

[Youths Complain, Want to Become Explorers and Contribute as Soon as Possible.]

With retired explorers who were enjoying their later years returning to the industry, and even kids who weren't yet adults rushing to say they want to enter the Labyrinth, how could such an atmosphere not form?

Anyway.

'It's about to come out.'

In fact, I already know what news will come out in the future.

After all, once this kind of atmosphere is created, what's next?

The talk of using Noark citizens as explorers will come out.

And that they'll have to live confined in Bifron.

They'll suppress the complaints and concerns by introducing various institutional measures to control the Noark citizens.

"Tsk."

I fold the newspaper, toss it aside, and get up to leave.

Misha trots over to me.

"Where are you off to today?"

"To the Royal Palace."

"Huh? Why there? There shouldn't be a Royal Family council today."

"Ah, my request for an audience was finally granted."

"Eek? An audience?"

Misha was startled, but I didn't have much time before the appointment to explain in detail, so I just left the house.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"HooГўВҖВҰ"

Of the twelve royal castles, the one in the very center.

No, the Palace of Dawn.

The Palace of Immortality.

Hmm, perhaps the distinction is meaningless.

If what Marquis Terserion said is true, the two could be the same person.

Ah, by the way, I couldn't see the face of the Dawn King I had been looking forward to.

"It's been a while."

"Where is the Dawn King?"

"ГўВҖВҰStill, wouldn't it be better to be a bit more careful with your words?"

When I sent him a look that said 'don't talk nonsense,' Astarotta, who had come out to greet me, chuckled and led me inside.

And I had to ask again.

"Where is the Dawn King?"

"He is asleep, weary from the affairs of state."

Weary from state affairs, my ass.

He's probably inside that strange mechanical device to preserve his remaining lifespan.

From the looks of it, he hasn't come out even once since thenГўВҖВҰ

"If this was the case, why did you grant my request for an audience?"

A hint of annoyance couldn't help but creep into my voice.

Hah, I had been waiting patiently until now, thinking it was taking time to wake him up or something.

To think the only face I get to see is this guy's.

"Despite appearances, His Majesty the King has delegated a considerable amount of authority to me. To be frank, I probably know and can do more than the current Chancellor."

"So you're saying I should talk to you instead?"

Astarotta shrugged as if it was obvious, and I, too, got straight to the point without further ado.

"Give me the Secret Security Force."

Ah, was that too direct?

"ГўВҖВҰ?"

Seeing his expression of complete incomprehension, I kindly added an explanation.

"I've decided I want to become an Evil Spirit Hunter."

He's a smart guy, so he should understand by now.

What I'm trying to say.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 869 ---

Chapter 869: Influx (4)

Secret Security Force.

A state institution directly under the Rafdonia Royal Family.

However, the institution's own influence had waned somewhat.

After all, the glory of the old days was long gone.

Roles like infiltration, espionage, and operations had been transferred to the Rose Knights, and the authority to investigate nobles had also passed to Mozlan with its establishment.

In fact, it was safe to say that its main duty now was to find and execute Evil Spirits...

That was probably why its name ended with 'Force' instead of a more prestigious title.

In its heyday, its name was the Secret Security Bureau.

'They said everything changed when the era shifted with the Dawn King.'

That was why I was a bit lost when I first came to this world.

This world, over 150 years after the time setting of [Dungeon & Stone], had many differences from the one I knew.

For example, the Rose Knights.

In the game, a group with that name didn't even exist.

"Secret Security Force..."

Astarotta muttered, looking at me as if organizing his thoughts.

"You don't actually intend to catch and kill the Evil Spirits, so are you planning to gather them to form a private group?"

Yes, just as I'd expect from a smart guy, he immediately grasped my intentions.

Of course, I would have to correct a slight misunderstanding.

"I have no intention of forming a private group."

I said frankly.

"I'm just a little upset. You're accepting the Noark bastards because you're short on Magic Stones, so why can't you accept Evil Spirits?"

""

"Considering that Noark is swarming with Evil Spirits, suppressing them is not just meaningless, it's almost a futile effort."

"Hmm, that's hard to deny."

Surprisingly, Astarotta nodded without much protest.

Ah, of course, that didn't mean he was open to persuasion.

"It seems you ultimately want to continue the previously failed 'Evil Spirit Integration Policy', but that's impossible, so give up."

"Why is that?"

"His Majesty does not wish for their civilization to contaminate this world."

Astarotta drew a firm line.

It wasn't difficult to understand what he meant.

Democracy, revolution, religion, science, and technology...

From the perspective of ruling this city, the way of thinking of a Modern Person would certainly be unwelcome.

'Though it pisses me off that he himself created all sorts of things like elevators and board games.'

In any case, I perfectly understood what he meant.

No, in fact, I came here expecting him to say just that.

So, I presented the answer I had prepared.

"That's all the more reason why I must have the Secret Security Force."

"Yes, I knew you wouldn't give up so easily. Go on, tell me. What is your reason?"

"Because if it were me, I could control and prevent everything you're worried about beforehand. If there are any who don't listen to me and try something foolish, I'll just send them to the execution block, and that will be that."

"Well, that might be possible. But from our perspective, the current situation is sufficient, so there's no reason for us to allow such a variable."

Rather than dwelling on the feasibility of my plan or things like that, Astarotta went straight to the core of the issue.

"Now, tell me then. Why should we grant your request?"

Astarotta and the Dawn King were not my parents.

Meaning, they weren't beings who would give in just because I threw a tantrum asking for something.

However, there was no need to worry about this problem.

Coincidentally, I had a free pass.

"Didn't His Majesty say it before he fell asleep? That you should do your best to grant and cooperate with whatever I request from now on."

At those words, which sounded a bit forced, Astarotta scowled.

"That was regarding the mission to kill the former Chancellor during the war."

"Oh, is that so? I suppose His Majesty woke up in the middle of his sleep to tell you that?"

I spoke in a tone anyone could recognize as sarcastic, but he remained silent, offering no response.

And that, to me, was the answer.

"What? So that never happened, and you were just daring to presume His Majesty's thoughts on your own and arbitrarily distort his command?"

""

Astarotta chose silence once again.

It was time to deliver the finishing blow.

"That day, when I came here, the Dawn King agreed to ask five favors of me."

The first favor concerning the 'Chancellor' was already done, leaving four more.

However, the next favor had not yet been given.

But one thing was certain.

"So what are you trying to say?"

Tch, so impatient.

"The Dawn King clearly wants something from me. And for that purpose, he agreed to support me completely. So you should cooperate with me."

"Hah, even without knowing what the next command is?"

"It's a 'favor', not a 'command'. I'd appreciate it if you were careful with your words. Or are you planning to interpret His Majesty's words however you please this time as well?"

After I finished speaking, Astarotta answered after a long pause.

"I will think about it."

It was practically an approval.

***

Of course, nothing was confirmed yet, but there was far less resistance than I had expected.

'I haven't even mentioned all the advantages of granting my request...'

This made me feel needlessly uneasy again.

He was a man with nothing but loyalty to the Royal Family in his head, but even so, this felt too easy.

As someone who had dealt with the Royal Family many times, the correct way to interpret this situation was as follows.

'They must be plotting something again...'

In fact, this paranoid suspicion had grown worse recently.

How should I put it... everything felt out of place.

Ever since I opened my eyes in this world, I've had this feeling that I'm constantly dancing on the palm of someone's hand.

That feeling had been intensifying lately.

However, this wasn't something to think about right now.

"Ah, so what on earth was that about?"

"If you ask me like that, how am I supposed to answer?"

Before we parted ways, I asked the last thing I was curious about.

"Why on earth did you summon the Lord of Tears?"

The very question I couldn't get an answer to, no matter how many influential nobles within my network I asked.

But perhaps it would be different with Astarotta.

""

...

My expectation was wrong.

Astarotta simply kept his mouth tightly shut again.

So, I spoke more directly.

"Did you perhaps wish for more people to die?"

"I have no idea what you're talkГўВҖВ”"

"Dimensional Collapse."

I cut him off.

And after catching my breath for a moment, I fixed my gaze on his eyes.

"You guys caused it, didn't you?"

I asked, suppressing my emotions as much as possible, but he showed no reaction.

Tsk, I was trying to read his expression if I could.

Pfft.

Suddenly, he laughed.

And...

"And if we did, would anything change?"

He asked mockingly.

Rather than feeling offended, I wondered what this was.

For some reason, it felt like his mockery wasn't aimed only at me.

"You should leave now. I will think about the issue of the Secret Security Force and give you an answer later."

Astarotta unilaterally ended the conversation, and that was all for today's talk.

Afterward, I asked if I could go see Ragna and Hyunbyeol, and he told me to do as I pleased, so I stopped by for a bit.

Not much had changed since the last time I came.

Ragna was still asleep...

"You said you would visit often..."

Hyunbyeol looked very sulky, her expression sour, and I had to console her for a long time to cheer her up.

And...

"Has anything happened while I was gone?"

"Hmm, weren't you the one things were happening to, Oppa? There's been a lot of talk about Dimensional Collapse and whatnot lately."

"Weren't you just staying here the whole time?"

"Basically, yes?"

"Basically...?"

I asked because I couldn't understand what she meant, and Hyunbyeol briefly explained.

She was bored of being stuck in her room, so she started wandering around the Royal Palace and gradually got to know people?

Starting from the maids who brought her meals to the gardeners and the chef.

Apparently, the knights didn't particularly restrain her actions...

It seems that recently, a few knights have even started to return her greetings.

"You're not doing that just because you're bored, are you?"

"Of course not. I need to at least know how the world is turning, don't I?"

Right, I knew it.

This girl, Hyunbyeol, really seems like she could survive well no matter where she was thrown, not just in this world.

"So please, tell me a story. Anything is fine. The people I've befriended here ultimately have their limits, so their words are always filtered."

Afterward, I told Hyunbyeol, who said she was about to die of boredom, about the things that had happened to me.

Floor Lord, Dimensional Collapse.

Perhaps because the subjects were too provocative to be boring, Hyunbyeol listened with great interest.

Was that why?

I was suddenly reminded of the Dragon Brat at the Gnome tree.

He too would always pester me for stories whenever I visited and would listen intently all day long.

"Anyway, that's all for my story. There's nothing more to tell even if I wanted to."

Time flew by as I told the story, bringing it all the way up to why I had come to this room.

But what was this?

I thought Hyunbyeol, who seemed like she would be happy hearing a story for the first time in a while, had a bad expression on her face.

"You've been through a lot."

"Ah."

"I'm proud of you, too. With your personality, Oppa, it must have been really difficult to leave that room."

Yes, that was true...

Hyunbyeol was the only person who knew.

Not the strong Barbarian Warrior, Bjorn Yandel, but the incredibly weak Korean man, Lee Hansoo.

I felt strange for some reason.

The more I stood there and dwelled on it, the more it felt like something was about to spill out.

So I cleared my throat and changed the subject.

"Ahem... Anyway, are you planning to keep living like this?"

"For now."

At her answer, which came without a hint of hesitation, I thought it over a few times before just asking her frankly.

"Why are you going to such lengths?"

It was a question with many implications.

Perhaps because of that, the answer I received was also concise.

"Well, I guess I've changed as much as you have, Oppa. After coming over to this world."

"I see."

At her words, I nodded without saying anything else.

Actually, I had a hunch.

After all, I was also the only person in this world who knew the Korean woman named 'Kang Hyunbyeol'.

Perhaps she saw her old self in Ragna.

But to show this much loyalty for that reason meant that Hyunbyeol had indeed changed a lot.

"Let's talk about the Secret Security Force. From what you've told me, Oppa, it seems like it's basically confirmed. What are you going to do after that?"

I explained my future plans to Hyunbyeol in their entirety, and Hyunbyeol, who had once worked in a public institution, helped fill in the details my plan was lacking.

But as we went on, a question seemed to pop into her head.

"Can you really do all this on your own, Oppa?"

"No, I don't think I can."

"What? Then what are you going to do?"

"I'll have to start looking now. But don't worry. There's someone who can do it much better than I can."

"Oh, it's a relief that you have a candidate. But who is it?"

Hyunbyeol asked, looking extremely curious, and in response, I just looked at her silently.

".....?"

"?"

Why are you pretending not to know?

After tempting me in every way possible.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 870 ---

Chapter 870: Influx (5)

To tell you just the results, I was unable to get HyunbyeolГўВҖВҷs consent.

She said she wanted to stay here and watch this place, at least until Ragna woke up.

So, I only offered a few words of persuasion before backing down.

It would be counterproductive to push any further.

What will you do after Ragna wakes up.

If you gather the Evil Spirits and form a group, you'll have a minimal force.

Ragna wanted to achieve the integration of the Evil Spirits, and so on.

The very fact that she didn't sharply refute my persuasion meant she was practically halfway convinced.

So, this part should resolve itself if I give it some time.ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHm? You're going out again today, meow?ГўВҖВқ

The next day, I left the house in the morning to start my schedule.

However, it wasn't a previously planned schedule...

ГўВҖВңWhere are you headed this time?"

ГўВҖВңGnome tree.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh? Why there all of a sudden?"

"Something just came to mind.ГўВҖВқ

It was a rather impulsively made plan.

Talking about this and that with Hyunbyeol, who was cooped up in her room, made me think of the Dragon Brat, I guess.

Well, it's not like I'm clearing my entire day to go all the way to Gnome tree just for that, though.

Whirr, whirrrГўВҖВҰ

After taking the military platform and crossing over to Gnome tree in an instant, I traveled to the Dragon's Holy Land by Wagon.

ГўВҖВңWe welcome the visit of Baron Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

The gatekeeper at the entrance of the Holy Land was quite familiar.

Come to think of it, I feel like it was always this old man every time I came.

Do they not have shift changes here?

The thought that it was quite barbaric crossed my mind, but I couldn't meddle in the internal welfare of another tribe, so I said nothing.

Ah, of course, I had to point this out.

ГўВҖВңIt's Viscount now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, is that so? My apologies for the discourtesy.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt has been a while. The news is a bit late, isn't it?"

"I don't pay much attention to the affairs of the world. If it is a word I must hear, it will eventually reach my ears on its own."

For some reason, his words felt enlightened, but I decided not to take them to heart.

If those were words I needed to take to heart, then I would eventually do so someday.

No need to rush, right?

ГўВҖВңThe Tribe Chief? Is he inside?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Primordial Dragon is already waiting.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, how did the Tribe Chief know I was coming?"

ГўВҖВңWithin Gnome tree, there is nothing the Primordial Dragon does not know.ГўВҖВқ

Hm, really..?

Then I wonder if he also knows about the time I first met Lee Baekho here.

ГўВҖВңHow strange. I didn't know the Tribe Chief had such an ability.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you're truly curious, ask him when you meet him. The Primordial Dragon is waiting.ГўВҖВқ

Geez, he really puts an emphasis on 'Primordial Dragon' every time.

I don't even know why each tribe has a separate title for their chief in the first place.

It would be so much simpler if they were all just Tribe Chiefs.

Intuitive, with no room for confusion.

ГўВҖВңYou've finally arrived.ГўВҖВқ

After getting out of the wagon and walking up a long, sloped path, I arrived at the Dragon Temple and was immediately greeted by the Dragonkin Tribe Chief, the Dragon Uncle.

ГўВҖВңYou sound like you were expecting me."

ГўВҖВңOf course I was. I was the one who told you to stop by anytime during the last tribal summit. She pretends she isn't, but Pen really wants to see you.ГўВҖВқ

Ah, right.

That did happen.

ГўВҖВңBut hearing you say thatГўВҖВҰ it seems you've come for other business, haven't you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhem.......ГўВҖВқ

"Well, out with it. I'm also curious to know what brought you here."

The Dragon Uncle showed more curiosity than displeasure, so I was able to state my business with a slightly more relaxed heart.

ГўВҖВңI want to receive another Blessing of the Dragon.ГўВҖВқ

Getting stronger is always the right choice.

***

The Blessing of the Dragon.

A secret art unique to the tribe, much like the Barbarian Tribe's Spirit Engraving or the Beastkin's Spirit Beast.

In the past, as compensation for returning the Dragon Slayer Sword to their tribe, I received the 'Blessing of the Earth Dragon,' a ritual never performed on outsiders.

Its mark is still hidden safely under the sole of my foot.

Anyway, that's not what's important.

At that time, after finishing the blessing, the Dragon Brat, Pen, had said with a warning tone.

[I'm saying this just in case, but you can't pick multiple ones.

As a Barbarian, your body won't be able to handle it.]

As a Barbarian, my body wouldn't be able to handle it.

Even among the Dragonkin, only a few besides the Dragon Uncle have more than two blessings engraved, as the overload is severe.

Sensing the sincerity in her warning, I understood and let go of my greed.

HoweverГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңHmm, another blessing, you sayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Things were a little different now.

After consuming the Essence of Tears, hadn't I become virtually immortal?

Whether it was two blessings or three, I was confident my body could withstand them.

Well, it would probably hurt a lot more than before.

"I don't know what's gotten into you, but it seems a strange thought has suddenly taken root in your head.ГўВҖВқ

The Dragon Uncle pressed his forehead as if he already had a headache.

ГўВҖВңDon't tell me my body can't handle it. The me of then and the me of now are completely different people.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI can't deny that part, but this is a completely different story.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTry to convince me.ГўВҖВқ

"Hmm, I'm not sure why I have to go as far as convincing youГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Hmm, should I turn on my mindless Barbarian mode then?

Just as I was having that thought, the Dragon Uncle continued.

ГўВҖВңI'll tell you since it seems like you'll cause some sort of trouble if I just say no."

Does this old man have mind-reading powers too?

I wasn't sure, but the Dragon Uncle spoke as if he were reasoning with a young child.

ГўВҖВңThe blessing doesn't just put a strain on the physical body. The real problem is the mentalГўВҖВҰ no, to be precise, the strain it puts on the soul.ГўВҖВқ

"The soul?"

ГўВҖВңKeep listening."

It seemed like a rather random topic, but I kept my mouth shut at the Dragon Uncle's expression, which told me not to interrupt.

ГўВҖВңThe body is a vessel that contains the soul. And no matter how tough and resilient you've become, it's impossible to increase the total capacity of that vessel itself.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHa, and the Dragonkin are different?"

ГўВҖВңWe are.ГўВҖВқ

The Dragon Uncle replied with a serious face to my sneering remark.

"I'm not saying we're a superior race, but simply stating a racial difference. It is a fact that we are given an amount of time that other races can't even imagine, is it not?ГўВҖВқ

"..."

ГўВҖВңThink about it. On the day a Barbarian born today lives a peaceful life and dies of old age, I will be the same as I am now."

Okay, I think I get what this old man is trying to say.

But there's one thing I'm curious about.

ГўВҖВңIn that case, is it the same no matter how high the level of the soul becomes?"

Is the concept of a 'vessel of the soul' that the Dragonkin speak of related to one's level?

To that question, the Dragon Uncle's answer was immediate.

"It is the same. Even if the muddy water within a vessel becomes cleaner and purer, the vessel holding it does not grow larger, does it?ГўВҖВқ

"..."

ГўВҖВңSo, let go of your greed. You might suffer permanent damage to your soul. I have ancient texts that say most humans who received the blessing became simpletons."

Right, so that's how it isГўВҖВҰ

I smacked my lips and asked sharply.

ГўВҖВңBut what if I were to say that I must receive it anyway?ГўВҖВқ

"Hmm... if that's the case, I suppose I would say this."

The Dragon Uncle, sitting on his throne, looked down at me and spoke.

ГўВҖВңIn the first place, why should we grant your request? It's not like you brought the Dragon Slayer Sword this time, is it?"

"..."

ГўВҖВңWell, last time I.......ГўВҖВқ

"If you are referring to slaying the Dragon Slayer and retrieving the heart, I can nullify that deal and grant you what you want. Will you do so?"

"..."

I couldn't give any answer.

Because the 'deal' the Dragon Uncle was talking about right now was the 'oath.'

In exchange for the Dragon Slayer's heart, I was promised the support of the Dragonkin tribe, albeit with the condition that the king did not intervene.

'If I were in a situation where I could go head-to-head with the king, I had said I would consider it.'

This wasn't a promise I could break just to receive one more blessing.

The Dragon Uncle knew that too, which was why he offered to void the existing deal and make a new one if I wanted.

I absolutely cannot back out of this.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

'Okay, I'll give up on the Blessing of the Dragon without any fuss.ГўВҖВҷ

I cast aside all my greed.

Besides, wasn't it a dangerous choice that could turn me into a simpleton?

There was no need to cling to it at the cost of everything else.

But was my coolly letting go of my attachment unexpected?

ГўВҖВңYou're surprisingly quick to agree. It seems you have no intention of being stubborn."

ГўВҖВңI was just testing the waters, really.ГўВҖВқ

I shrugged playfully, but for some reason, the Dragon Uncle's expression was unusually heavy.

"ГўВҖВҰIs that thought still valid?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat are you talking about?"

ГўВҖВңThe Royal Family.ГўВҖВқ

"Ah....ГўВҖВқ

It seemed the Dragon Uncle had taken my immediate withdrawal, as soon as the oath was mentioned, to mean something else.

Of course, I had no intention of correcting him.

It wasn't exactly a misunderstanding, after all.

ГўВҖВңWell, what can I do? I desperately hope it doesn't come to that, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I have to be prepared.

ГўВҖВңIf a situation comes where I have to fight, then I have no choice but to fight."

The Dragon Uncle's expression upon hearing my words was peculiar.

I couldn't tell what he was thinking, and in the end, he didn't voice those thoughts.

ГўВҖВңTruly a strange, yet enviable stance."

With the matter of the Blessing of the Dragon concluded, my conversation with the Dragon Uncle was over.

ГўВҖВңBefore you go, make sure to see Pen. I'm sure you'll be surprised."

ГўВҖВңI will, but there's someone I want to see first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you're talking about Lavian, that child is not in the Holy Land.ГўВҖВқ

"... Huh?"

ГўВҖВңAh, did I guess wrong?ГўВҖВқ

No, that wasn't it.

The person I wanted to see before the Dragon Brat was my Dragonkin companion from the Ice Rock expedition, Lavian.

I was thinking of gently coaxing her into joining me in the Labyrinth if she wasn't up to muchГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThat's right, but she's not here? Do you know when she'll be back?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, I don't know either. But don't get your hopes up too high. She hasn't been back since the last time you visited the Holy Land.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? Since thenГўВҖВ”?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you happen to hear anything, be sure to let me know later. I'm starting to get curious about what that child is up to myself.ГўВҖВқ

It was absurd.

Is this what a proper father is supposed to be like?

If she hasn't been seen for years, shouldn't he be worried and think she's missing?

That was my first thought, but it was a thoroughly non-Dragonkin way of thinking.

ГўВҖВңTo a Dragonkin, it is but an extremely short period of time."

...

If that was the case, then as a Barbarian, I had nothing more to say.

***

The Dragon Brat, Pen, whom I met after my audience with the Dragon Uncle, was different in many ways from when I last saw her.

Mentally, I wasn't sure, but physically, definitely.

'I don't think I can call her a Dragon Brat anymoreГўВҖВҰ?'

She had grown quite a bit taller.

Not that she was as tall as an adult womanГўВҖВҰ

Just about a little taller than Raven?

ГўВҖВңWhy did you only come nowГўВҖВҰ! You said you'd visit often!"

Her way of speaking was the same, but maybe because her appearance had changed so much?

For some reason, I felt more unfamiliarity than happiness.

ГўВҖВңHuhu, you look surprised to see me, don't you? I told you, didn't I? If you just waited a little, I'd become like my big sister! What? Do you regret it now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰRegret?"

ГўВҖВңIt's too late. Liars are already disqualified."

I had no idea what she was talking about, so I asked, but only got an even more incomprehensible answer.

However, I decided not to think too deeply about it.

"Alright, tell me your stories! I heard a little from Father, but hearing it directly is different! Who knows? If it's an interesting story, I might change my mind.ГўВҖВқ

"..."

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰYou say that like I have something set aside for you.ГўВҖВқ

It was a little ridiculous, but I obediently began to recount the tales of my adventures from the time we had been apart.

But what was this?

ГўВҖВңSo? So what happened?"

Even though this little brat was listening attentively, giving reactions and all, something felt off.

"Hurry! Don't drag it out, just tell me! This is the most interesting part!"

For some reasonГўВҖВҰ unlike before, it felt like there was no soul in her reactions.

'This could be a problem.'

My periodic meetings with this kid were a form of volunteer work, in a way.

But to not even give a proper reaction to such a kind person.

A naughty child like this doesn't deserve to hear my storiesГўВҖВ”.

Swoosh.

Suddenly, the Dragon Brat quickly slipped something into my hand.

I checked and saw a note with hastily scribbled words.

[Don't stop talking.

Read while you talk.]

What is thisГўВҖВҰ?

As I tilted my head in confusion without realizing.

The Dragon Brat quickly scribbled another note and passed it to me.

[Please, save my sister.]

The content was still incomprehensible.

Her sister would undoubtedly be LavianГўВҖВҰ

[I thinkГўВҖВҰ Father is trying to kill my sister.]

After reading the contents of the next note, I froze on the spot.

Seeing her tense expression as she warily scanned her surroundings, it seemed she was being seriousГўВҖВҰ

'So this is why there was no soul in her reactionsГўВҖВҰ?'

I could at least understand why the Dragon Brat wasn't focused on my story.

But that was as far as my understanding went.

'That Dragon Uncle is trying to kill Lavian?'

What is this all about?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 871 ---

Chapter 871: Novice (1)

The Primordial Dragon Rapir.

Chief of the Dragonkin, and the seemingly absent-minded father of two daughters.

But that good-natured old man was trying to kill one of his own daughters...

ГўВҖВңMmph.ГўВҖВқ

Just as I was about to ask what that meant, the Dragon Brat covered my mouth with her pebble-sized hand.

Then, slowly letting go, she repeatedly pointed at the first note she had given me.

[DonГўВҖВҷt stop talking.

Read this while you talk.]

Right.

If I wanted to hear the story, I had to keep the story going.

First, I was very curious as to why she was writing these notes, so I played along and continued the story.

Then, as if finally relieved, the Dragon Brat resumed sending her notes.

[A year ago, my sister came to see me in secret, without Father knowing.

She said she came because she was worried about me, and told me not to tell Father she had been here.]

[When I asked why it had to be a secret from Father, she said Father was trying to harm her, so she had to stay away.]

[I asked her what on earth she was talking about, but she wouldnГўВҖВҷt answer in detail.

She just said she came because she wanted to see me one last time, and for some reason, she said she was sorryГўВҖВҰ.]

[That was all she said.

Suddenly, my sisterГўВҖВҷs face went stiff, and she said this room was also being watched, and left in a hurry.

Not even a few minutes later, Father arrived here.]

[He told me he just stopped by for a moment because he missed me, but his face told a different story.

He looked truly frantic.

The way he looked around as soon as he entered the room, as if searching for something, also confirmed itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

[The whole situation was so strange, but I couldn't ask Father anything.

Because before my sister left, she told me not to trust Father too much.]

And so, the Dragon BratГўВҖВҷs story came to an end, returning to the very beginning.

[Please, save my sister.]

To be honest, when I first received this note, I had no idea what she was talking about.

But after hearing the whole story, my head hurts a little.

Hmm, at this point, could there really be a secret within the Dragonkin that I don't know about?

'I can't just not believe it, but itГўВҖВҷs hard to believe it either.'

I have no idea what to do.

Seeing that desperate expression makes me wonder if itГўВҖВҷs real, but then I remember the Dragon Uncle, who was so kind and cherished his daughters, and the thought that there must be some misunderstanding comes first.

HoweverГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

'There is something that bothers me.'

After hearing todayГўВҖВҷs story, that thought suddenly occurred to me.

After all, the first time I met Lavian was during the ГўВҖВҳIce Rock expedition.ГўВҖВҷ

I only learned the truth later, but that expedition was a massive scam.

The disposable ones.

The sacrificial pawns.

Beyond that, those whose deaths would be beneficial.

A thorn in the side.

The Ice Rock expedition was more than ninety percent filled with such members.

Naturally, Lavian was one of them.

[I received a promise from the Marquis in exchange for this task.

However, heГўВҖВҰ it seems he had no intention of keeping that promise.]

That was what Lavian had said while the members were gathered, sharing why we had been dragged into this expedition.

Of course, I didn't think much of it then.

To me at that time, Marquis Terserion was a villain heinous enough to do such a thing just to back out of a deal.

So, I just let it go back then.

'But thinking about it now, what happened next was a bit strange.'

Could Lavian, who returned to the city alive, really get that 'one thing' she was promised by the Marquis?

No, in the first placeГўВҖВҰ

'Does it make sense for the Marquis to send the Dragon UncleГўВҖВҷs daughter to her death just to back out of a deal?'

When I think about it carefully, itГўВҖВҷs not plausible at all.

Unless, of course, the Dragon Uncle was behind it.

ГўВҖВңThat son of aГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNever mind, I accidentally bit my tongue.ГўВҖВқ

Concerned for the Dragon BratГўВҖВҷs mental health, I didnГўВҖВҷt voice all my thoughts honestly.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll be going now. IГўВҖВҷll be back soon, so donГўВҖВҷt worry too much.ГўВҖВқ

At my words, the Dragon Brat couldn't say anything and just gave me a troubled look.

I simply nodded quietly, as if telling her to leave everything to me.

To be honest, whatГўВҖВҷs happening within the Dragonkin is none of my business, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

'I should look into it once.'

For some reason, it feels unsettling.

***

Time flew by quickly after my visit to the DragonГўВҖВҷs Holy Land.

I promised the Dragon Brat, Pen, that I would look into it, but I had no luck.

I mean, really?

'How am I supposed to find a daughter that even the Dragon Uncle can't find?'

Even when I tried to look, I was at a loss as to where to even begin.

If the Ghost Busters were still around, I might have been able to get a clue through the players' information.

But thatГўВҖВҷs not possible now, is it?

'First, IГўВҖВҷll keep looking, and if it really doesnГўВҖВҷt work out, I'll have to have a frank talk with the Dragon Uncle.'

Therefore, I put finding Lavian on hold for a while.

After all, there really wasnГўВҖВҷt much time left until the Labyrinth reopened.

Accordingly, I set aside my other duties and devoted myself to preparing for the expedition.

Ah, to put it simply, I focused on recruiting talented people.

First, thereГўВҖВҷs me, Ainar, and Misha.

The three of us, plus the five from Armin's expedition, made a total of eight.

It was a big blow that some members had left Armin's expedition.

Some felt disillusioned by the recent events and considered retiring, and the original Priest had to leave the Clan due to a call from the church, which was suffering from a manpower shortage.

'The fact that he halfway agreed to my proposal must have been largely due to that lack of personnel.'

Anyway.

On top of that, the GM also confirmed that he would be joining the next expedition.

'That Priestess is a bit of a wasteГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ'

The Priestess from the Three Gods Orchestra whom I had a connection with during the Dimensional Collapse.

I thought the composition would be perfect if she joined, so I even went to the church, but I was flatly rejected.

She said that if I needed her help, I should build up Merit Points at the Temple and make a formal request to the church.

'Damn religious folkГўВҖВҰ'

The stubbornness of the Three Gods Church was truly beyond words.

Even if you become a noble, establish a large Clan, or even become the chief of a tribe.

To get a Priest, you have to diligently complete quests given by the church and accumulate Merit Points.

Well, from their perspective, it was only natural.

In a way, it was thanks to that unyielding principle that their position in this Labyrinth city could become so strong.

'I was trapped on the Underground First Floor, fought a war, and went through a Dimensional Collapse.

How am I supposed to clear Temple quests on top of that?'

In the end, am I fated to not have a Priest in this life?

...

ItГўВҖВҷs a relief that for the (New) Shield Barbarian, the presence of a Priest isnГўВҖВҷt that crucial.

ГўВҖВңThis is Jackson. Thank you for choosing me. I will do my best.ГўВҖВқ

Ah, I also found a new navigator.

With information that a new island has been added to the Sixth Floor, I judged that the presence of a navigator was essential.

HeГўВҖВҷs not as skilled as Auyen, but where would I be lucky enough to find a navigator of that caliber again?

I just picked someone decent from the navigator guild.

A sort of mercenary contract, you could say.

ItГўВҖВҷs a contract where he receives a fixed salary and performance bonuses instead of a share of the profits.

'That makes nine people for now.'

I wanted to find three more to make a team of twelve if possible, so I went around looking, and in the end, one more person was added.

ГўВҖВңAbman. I didn't think you'd agree."

"Did I seem like a man with that little conscience?"

ГўВҖВңConscience or not, donГўВҖВҷt you have a family?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause of that family, I have to enter the Labyrinth anyway, so itГўВҖВҷs better for me to get help from my connections.ГўВҖВқ

ThatГўВҖВҷs what the Bear Uncle said, but it wasnГўВҖВҷt particularly believable.

ГўВҖВңOf courseГўВҖВҰ this is a secret from my wife. Understood?ГўВҖВқ

What else could it mean when he added such a thing?

ItГўВҖВҷs obvious the Bear Lady was strongly against it.

Saying things like, hero or not, if he hangs around with me, heГўВҖВҷs bound to not live long.

'With Bear Uncle, that makes ten people.'

Even considering the GM would join, the one remaining spot weighed on my mind, but I decided to end the recruitment of additional members here for now.

ItГўВҖВҷs better to have an empty spot than to take just anyone.

Besides, in [Dungeon & Stone], the minimum party size was originally five, not six.

With that in mind, I was focused solely on preparing for the next expedition when an unexpected person threw in their resume.

ГўВҖВңMalid Kevron.ГўВҖВқ

The Vice-Captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan.

Ah, should I say former Vice-Captain now?

I heard a rumor that the clan disbanded not long after returning to the city.

ГўВҖВңYou want to enter the Labyrinth with us. Are you serious?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. I heard you were looking for people. Am I wrong?ГўВҖВқ

Having made a firm decision, there was no hesitation in Kevron's voice.

That made it even stranger.

Well, seeing as he held his ground until the very end during the battle with the Lord of Tears, he seems trustworthy, butГўВҖВҰ

'Honestly, I thought it would all be over once we returned to the city.'

ThatГўВҖВҷs just how people are.

In the heat of the moment, they get swept up by emotions and make irrational decisions, but once that moment passes, they start to calculate.

ГўВҖВңIf youГўВҖВҷre doing this out of a sense of debt to me, thereГўВҖВҷs no need. You did what you had to do, and with that, our deal was concluded.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not because of that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen why? Ah, you canГўВҖВҷt find anyone to enter the Labyrinth with?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThere have been few times in history when high-rank Explorers were as sought after as they are now. I hear that once youГўВҖВҷre above the Fifth Rank, you get calls from all over.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI wonГўВҖВҷt say I received few calls.ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, if thatГўВҖВҷs the case, I understand even less.

I just asked him straight out, like a Barbarian.

ГўВҖВңThen why?ГўВҖВқ

Kevron didnГўВҖВҷt answer right away.

He took a brief pause as if to organize his thoughts, then said in a slightly awkward voice.

ГўВҖВңBecause it wonГўВҖВҷt happen.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? What was thatГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI judged that it wonГўВҖВҷt happen if IГўВҖВҷm with you, Viscount. A day where I am abandoned, or a day where I have to abandon someone.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

It certainly wonГўВҖВҷt happen.

Because if he did something like that, I wouldnГўВҖВҷt let him get away with it.

Hmm, to sum it up, after facing a life-threatening crisis, he reflected on his life, and now heГўВҖВҷs had a moment of clarityГўВҖВҰ

After a moment of thought, I said.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not Viscount Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFrom now on, call me Captain.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

In times like these, itГўВҖВҷs incredibly difficult to find a Third-Rank Explorer.

ThereГўВҖВҷs no reason to stop him when he wants to join.

Of course, it would be a lie to say nothing bothers me.

'This is already the second former Vice-Captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan...'

Somehow, this is also a strange connection.

ГўВҖВңI look forward to working with you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI look forward to it, Captain.ГўВҖВқ

And so, all the members for this expedition were decided.

Afterward, we spent our time gathering to practice together and make expedition plans.

And time flew by quicklyГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs already today.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt feels unfamiliar after resting for a few months.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe last one was after a very long time in the first placeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Finally, the day of entering the Labyrinth had dawned.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 872 ---

Chapter 872: Novice (2)

The long-awaited day to enter the Labyrinth.

Having quickly finished this round's Coming of Age Ceremony, I led the young warriors to the Dimensional Plaza myself.

For reference, there were over several hundred young warriors.

It was because the Labyrinth had been closed, so there was a backlog of warriors who had completed their Coming of Age Ceremony but hadn't yet finished their first expedition.

'It must be the same for the other tribes.'

Ah, of course, I didn't see any other tribes on the way to the Dimensional Plaza.

They would likely enter the Labyrinth through the plazas in the zones adjacent to their respective Holy Lands.

"The Labyrinth! I see the Labyrinth!"

"The dimension of sacred battle!"

"Bjorn son of Yandel, the great warrior, has led us to the Labyrinth!!"

As the Dimensional Plaza came into view, the young warriors began to get extremely excited.

'Cute.'

The Barbarian tradition was to wander a strange city before finally entering the Labyrinth, but I got rid of all that in my time.

Besides, even if that tradition remained, it would be meaningless in the current environment.

'Finding my way is easy since all the buildings have collapsed.'

Zone 7, where we were, was the area that suffered the most damage in the last war, and with the added misfortune of the Labyrinth's closure, it hadn't been properly restored.

"There are surprisingly many people."

The plaza was more crowded than I had expected.

Since the number of people settled in Zone 7 was small, I thought most would have gone to an intact plaza.

"Wow! It's Bjorn son of Yandel!!"

"I told you! I said we'd see him if we came here!"

"There are a lot of Barbarians over there, too?"

They chose this place to see me?

I wondered what kind of mindset that was, but seeing the plaza teeming with people felt like I was looking at its old self.

Well, only in appearance, that is.

'There are only real newbies here.'

More than seventy percent of the people gathered in the plaza were newbies who didn't even have proper gear.

Twenty percent were lower-rank explorers who had some gear and a team but had likely never been above the Fifth Floor.

The remaining ten percent were just above that.

'MidГўВҖВ‘ranks.'

But they were probably at the lower end of the mid-ranks.

Most of them would mainly explore the Fifth Floor, with only a few on the Sixth Floor.

From the Seventh Floor upwards, you could say there was almost no one.

It was highly likely that those of that level were called by the state in the last round, entered the Labyrinth in secret, and died away from home.

'So I've become a high-rank explorer, relatively speaking...'

A sudden thought occurred to me.

Perhaps this was why retired explorers were recently coming out of retirement one after another, trying to return to the industry.

'If they can just secure a spot on the Fifth Floor, they won't have to worry about taxes for the rest of their lives.'

A kind of cash cow, I guess.

If you form a clan and successfully occupy an empty hunting ground, you could live like a landlord with a steady income.

In fact, for that reason, ever since the Labyrinth appeared, certain islands on the Fifth and Sixth Floors have always been inaccessible to regular explorers due to clans fighting over interests.

"Then I'll go on ahead, Tribe Chief!"

"I'll achieve great things like you, Tribe Chief, and return!"

"Bahella!"

The newbie Barbarians, unable to wait any longer, let out a war cry and entered the Labyrinth.

So, I was about to join my companions.

"Hm?"

An young warrior staring blankly at the open Labyrinth portal caught my eye.

Right, his name was...

"Vidal, third son of Kizel."

An young warrior who finished his Coming of Age Ceremony today, and one of the few who didn't call out the name of his ancestral spirit when the ceremony began.

Simply put, a player from Earth.

'This attitude is a bit troublesome.'

I know he's not used to the name yet, but he needs to adapt quickly.

This cruel world never waits for us.

"Vidal, third son of Kizel."

After clearing my throat to make my presence known and calling his name again, the kid looked back at me, startled.

"Ah... T-Tribe Chief?!"

"What are you doing here? All the other warriors have entered the Labyrinth."

The kid was so flustered he couldn't say a word.

Still, it was a relief that he at least recognized he shouldn't look suspicious.

Well, the information I hammered into them helped with that.

Since I started leading the Coming of Age Ceremony, the number of incidents where someone was exposed as an Evil Spirit and executed has dropped to zero.

But paradoxically, those execution events also served as a device to make clueless newbies realize that this world is hostile to us.

Therefore...

'Oh, looks like there are no Evil Spirits this time!'

'As you all know, the moment you see an Evil Spirit that steals bodies, you must kill it!'

I always said these things during the Coming of Age Ceremony to convey information to the newbies.

But did he not understand it well?

"Are you perhaps afraid of entering the Labyrinth?"

Despite the Tribe Chief's question, the kid just trembled, unable to answer.

If he had any sense, he would know that his behavior itself looked suspicious.

'Not that I don't understand.'

I suddenly remembered the day I first entered the Labyrinth.

Actually, I was similar to this kid.

Watching the Barbarians enter the Labyrinth full of excitement, I, on the contrary, wanted to run away.

Because what I had done was a game!

Actually go into the Labyrinth and fight monsters? Did that even make sense?

Although I rationally knew I had to do it, the decision wasn't easy.

In the end, it was only after gaining courage from my conversation with Ainar that I could take my first step into the Labyrinth.

So this kid will need it too.

A warm hand to push his back, so he can take that first step more easily.

Just like this.

Thwack!

When I smacked him on the back, the kid shrieked in surprise and then looked up at me with angry eyes.

"Aargh!! Why, why did you hit me!"

"Your eyes look much better now."

Yes, this is better than being frozen.

It suits a Barbarian, too.

I gave the stick first, so now it's time for the carrot.

"I understand being nervous. Entering the Labyrinth is always a daunting task. I was the same."

The kid said nothing.

He just looked at me as if suspecting I was baiting him.

Hmm, this kind of suspicion is good.

"Vidal, third son of Kizel."

"..."

"Believe. In the strong body you possess, in the unyielding intellect of a warrior, and in the reality that it's better to die fighting than to starve."

""

"If you believe in just these three things until the very end, you'll be able to survive for a long time."

That was my advice, and I didn't bother to hear his reply.

I just patted the kid's back more gently than before, then lost interest and left.

"Then I'll be on my way! I'm hungry!"

Indeed, I never looked back at the kid and headed to the spot where I was supposed to meet my companions.

When I returned to the plaza to enter the Labyrinth, he was nowhere to be seen.

I wonder if he went in.

Or did he turn his back and run?

A brief curiosity arose, but I didn't dwell on it.

"What are you doing? Not going in?"

Well, if we're fated, we'll meet again.

***

[You have entered the First Floor, Crystal Cave.]

***

The most familiar place to all explorers.

The First Floor, Crystal Cave.

The brilliant glow of the crystals.

A cave shining with a soft light.

Those on their first expedition feel an unknown eeriness here, but those with some experience feel a sense of stability instead.

Because as you continue to explore, you learn that there's no place as safe as the First Floor.

It's a place where one naturally feels at ease...

Thump~!

My heart is pounding.

Not a pleasant throb of anticipation, but a low pound, like when having a foreboding thought.

Thump-!

What is this? Something like PTSD?

It's clearly a normal scene on the First Floor, but my heart keeps pounding anxiously.

It feels like at any moment, a static sound will fill the air and the whole world will collapse.

"Bjorn? Are you okay?"

"Ah... I'm fine. I was just lost in thought for a moment."

It felt like something was wrong with my mind, but I tried my best not to show it and moved on.

Well, it's probably because this is my first expedition since that incident.

I'll be fine soon.

'I will be fine, right?'

A sense of anxiety arose again, wondering if this would continue, so I quickly checked my surroundings.

I saw the members of Team 1 who had entered the Labyrinth with me after forming a Binding Spell.

Misha.

Bear Uncle.

Garton Cultner from Armin's expedition.

Malid Kevron from Tony Tooth.

And even the navigator helmsman Jackson, whom we hired as a mercenary.

Team 1, composed of six people in total.

Ainar was dispatched to Team 2, where Armin is the Team Leader.

They are short on vanguards there.

"If everyone is ready, we'll be starting soon."

I soon began the expedition and picked up the pace, but we couldn't go as fast as I had thought.

The reason was very simple.

Because more than ninety percent of the people this round were newbies.

"Wow, it's my first time seeing the First Floor this crowded..."

The newbies who had just entered were blocking the paths, acting as obstacles.

Usually, more than ninety percent of the entrants would head straight to the upper floors, but this time it was the complete opposite.

The newbies had no intention of leaving the starting point.

Instead, they looked around in wonder, found companions to move with,

or shouted when they saw me.

"... It's Bjorn Yandel!!"

"... Am I your friend?"

"Wow! He answered me!!"

Phew, this isn't easy.

The atmosphere is so different from usual that it's hard to adapt.

'If the Noark people were here too, it would have been even harder to adapt.'

The fortunate thing was that the Noark people's right to explore the Labyrinth had been postponed.

They waged a media war on the level of brainwashing, but there's still a considerable percentage of opposition, I hear?

'Next month at the earliest, three months from now at the latest.'

For that reason, time is gold on this expedition.

It makes sense, right?

No matter what kind of institutional arrangements are in place, in the Labyrinth, fists are closer than the law.

When the Noark people are running rampant in the Labyrinth, I too will have to move more cautiously than usual.

'Besides, those Noark bastards are at least mid-rank explorers.'

This is also a very frustrating part for me.

In reality, from the Sixth Floor and above, the majority will be from Noark rather than Rafdonia.

In other words, the time I can do whatever I want is running out.

"Phew, I can breathe now that we're in the Outermost Area."

"Then I'll pick up the pace again."

After leaving the central area, which could be called the starting point, the blocked paths were wide open, so we really picked up speed.

Well, even so, I missed first place.

Shwaaaaaaaa-

The portal was open, as if to prove someone had already passed through.

It was something I had expected.

The newbies were clinging to us so much as we left the central area.

In fact, the starting position wasn't good either,

[The character has entered the Second Floor: Goblin Forest.]

Even after reaching the Second Floor, I ran as if I were speedrunning, but I failed to be the first to open the Third Floor as well.

[The character has entered the Third Floor: Path of the Pilgrim.]

It's a bit disappointing.

Tsk, I wanted to get some free experience points before the Noark bastards swarmed in.

'Even if there are no high-rank explorers, I was too late.'

I arrived on the Third Floor on the afternoon of the third day.

Considering that the first opening usually happens on the afternoon of the second day, it was absurdly late.

Is that why?

By the time I passed the Green-Tailed Marsh and arrived at the Statue Temple, Team 2 had already arrived and was hunting.

"Ah, you're here! We were just starting to worry that something might have happened."

"Sorry. The explorers on the First Floor were clinging to us."

Still, was luck on my side?

Before we arrived, Team 2 had already obtained one 'Nameless Fragment.'

But...

"It's no good."

From then on, luck wasn't with me.

Another one dropped on the fifth day, but unfortunately, it was a duplicate of the one we already had, so I cut our losses sharply.

Getting two more fragments here before the end of the seventh day, going back down to the First Floor, and opening the portal to the Underground First Floor?

No matter how I look at it, it's impossible for now.

No, actually, it'll probably be the same next time.

'We don't have enough Mages.'

Even if we had arrived on time, the result would have been the same.

With our current members, even opening the portal to the Underground First Floor is difficult.

Well, not that there's any guarantee we can enter even if we open it.

'I just wanted to check if I could open the portal or not...'

Right, let's do this next time when we're more prepared.

Rushing things often leads to mistakes.

I soon set aside my disappointment and set up camp.

After all, I hadn't slept properly because I was digging for fragments.

The plan was for everyone to get a full day's rest and then continue the expedition...

Trudge.

In the end, I failed to get proper rest too.

Trudge.

There was an unknown uninvited guest who found our camp.

Do they not know the unwritten rule that approaching another team's camp within the Labyrinth is considered a hostile act?

Or do they not care because they intend to be hostile?

'It would have been better if it were the latter...?'

Sadly, they belonged to the 'former' group.

"Stop, don't come any closer! Huh? I said don't come closer."

"Hey, lady! You're so pretty, why are you being so heartless!"

"No, it's not about being heartless... You can't do this! You'll be in big trouble, I'm telling you!"

"We're not really causing you any harm, are we? We're getting tired too, so we'll just rest here for a bit and then leave! Huh? Or what, should we get hurt resting by ourselves in this dangerous place?"

'They' strode fearlessly into our territory as if Misha's attempts to stop them while she was on watch weren't even worth listening to.

Only then did we realize their identity.

Incomprehensibly bold and violent.

They, who cannot be controlled even by the strength of a giant.

"Uh, wait a minute. Your face looks familiar, lady."

"Misha Karlstein! It's Misha Karlstein!"

"What? Then could it be that Bjorn Yandel! Is Bjorn Yandel here too?"

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaah!"

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!!"

Their name was... newbies.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 873 ---

Chapter 873: Novice (3)

My mind is blank.

It's not just because I woke up a little while ago, but because I can't make sense of the situation unfolding before my eyes.

ГўВҖВңWow!! Look! It's Bjorn Yandel!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAaaah! You're so handsome!!ГўВҖВқ

WhatГўВҖВҰ in the world is this?

Am I still dreaming?

Or is this an illusion?

ГўВҖВңExcuse me... fellow Explorers? Approaching other Explorers inside the Labyrinth is extremely dangerous.ГўВҖВқ

Armin tried to calm the situation down by saying something sensible, but it was no use.

ГўВҖВңDon't worry! We won't do anything dangerous!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, that's not what I meantГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOver here! Viscount Yandel! Please look this way!ГўВҖВқ

The situation was so far beyond common sense that I couldn't even get angry.

ГўВҖВҳWhat are these crazy fools?ГўВҖВҷ

Just pure, 100% curiosity.

After collecting myself a little and observing them, one feature quickly caught my eye.

Their equipment was so flimsy you could believe they had just entered the Labyrinth.

This was probably their first expedition.

There was only one reason they could have made it all the way to the Third Floor in that state.

It must have been thanks to their overwhelming 'numbers'.

ГўВҖВҳThirty-two...?ГўВҖВҷ

I could understand why Misha and Armin hadn't been able to handle their sudden intrusion properly.

To be honest, my own mind went blank when I saw that number.

ГўВҖВңWho are you people...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'm Amy!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, I wasn't asking for your name... How are more than thirty of you roaming around together? You couldn't have formed an Oath in the city...?ГўВҖВқ

Finding it completely unbelievable, I asked, and a female Explorer, who was fearlessly poking my muscles with her finger and giggling, answered.

ГўВҖВңWe're people who met on the Second Floor!ГўВҖВқ

Surprisingly, they were all meeting for the first time.

ГўВҖВңThere were too many people on the Second Floor! This gentleman, Mark, suggested it. He said we should gather more people and just go up to the Third Floor!ГўВҖВқ

At the woman's words, the man next to her scratched his head awkwardly and continued.

ГўВҖВңOf course, if we divide the Magic Stones by the number of people, it won't be much... but better Essences drop here on the Third Floor. I decided it was well worth the effort.ГўВҖВқ

What is he talking about.

Even if an Essence drops, thirty-two people will have to roll the dice for it.

Well, I suppose the lucky one who gets the Essence will be able to grow much faster.

ГўВҖВңBut it seems everyone had the same idea, because the Third Floor was just as crowded! So we tried to get as far away from the Portal as possible, and we ended up here! Ah, but to think we'd meet Viscount Yandel here! It seems luck is on our side!ГўВҖВқ

Then, the man asked me in a perfectly normal tone.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, so the place with the portal... um... the Lizardmen? Could you tell us which way to go to get back to where the Lizardmen are?ГўВҖВқ

Are these people really insane?

They're just wandering around this Labyrinth without even knowing where they are?

No, more importantly.

ГўВҖВңAh, of course, we can't leave right away... We're exhausted from wandering around, so we'll just rest here for a bit before we go!ГўВҖВқ

Why are these fools so brazen?

It's like they're being polite while spitting.

I wanted to say something, but their bright expressions, as if they had no idea what the problem was, left me speechless.

ГўВҖВңHaha, aren't we all Explorers who've entered the Labyrinth to save the city! We're counting on you, Viscount!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHah...ГўВҖВқ

The others must have felt the same way, as sighs of exasperation erupted from all around.

ГўВҖВңAre all young people like this these days...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI really don't understand. Listening to them makes me feel like I'm the strange one.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBack in my day, we were too busy being wary of other Explorers to even fetch water on the First Floor...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHow can they be so clueless!ГўВҖВқ

Listening to my companions' sighs, I felt as if we had all grown very old, but at least I now understood what was happening.

ГўВҖВҳI never thought I'd experience something like this in my life.ГўВҖВҷ

In online game terms, it felt like the early days after a server launch.

Right now, the entire First and Second Floors must be safe zones.

The newbies must have taken over the entire area, killing monsters as soon as they respawn.

So, it eventually reached a saturation point, and the newbies started spilling over to the Third Floor.

ГўВҖВңWh-what is this! Bjorn? Are my eyes deceiving me? They're clearly humans, aren't they?ГўВҖВқ

A lack of common sense so profound that even Ainar was appalled.

I wondered how the world had come to this, but at the same time, I understood.

ГўВҖВҳIt seems they have no idea how dangerous this is...ГўВҖВҷ

In truth, they're victims.

For the sake of the era, which needed new Explorers, the nobles threw boys and girls who had just come of age into the Labyrinth.

It was impossible for so many people to have received proper training; instead, they were filled with misinformation.

For the past few months, all the media had been brainwashing them that way.

Even now, in their minds, the Labyrinth is probably a beautiful place full of dreams, romance, and opportunity.

ГўВҖВңH-hey... kids? Stop being stubborn and get going now!ГўВҖВқ

Misha said, as if soothing a child, while glancing at me.

It felt strange.

You know, like a girlfriend flustered because she's worried her gangster boyfriend might do something strange again.

It was exactly that feelingГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңIf you keep this up... something bad might happen... Hurry up and go! Okay?ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, so it wasn't just my imagination.

Misha was genuinely worried about those clueless newbies.

ГўВҖВҳHmph, what does she take me for.ГўВҖВҷ

To be honest, I did consider it.

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.

The only way to have a normal conversation with someone who lacks common sense is to become abnormal yourself.

But...

ГўВҖВңArmin.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, speak.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMake some space for them next to the campsite. Once they've rested enough, tell them the way to the Green-Tailed Marsh.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Will that be alright?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's fine.ГўВҖВқ

With that, I got back into my sleeping bag and lay down.

There was no need for me to step in and instill some 'sense' into them.

ГўВҖВҳI wonder how many of them will make it back alive.ГўВҖВҷ

The Labyrinth is not a kind place.

***

After we finished camping.

We sent off the well-rested novice clan (?) and went on our way.

Ah, of course, parting with those empty-headed fellows wasn't without incident.

ГўВҖВңAh, Viscount! If it's alright with you, could we just follow you from now on? It must be fate that we met like this, and we promise we won't be a bother at all.ГўВҖВқ

Surprisingly, the fellows took it a step further and asked me, a complete stranger, to carry them.

I refused them flatly.

And...

ГўВҖВңThey call him a hero, but I guess you can't believe rumors.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's not like he'd lose anything by letting us follow.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe's probably just the type who can't stand seeing others succeed, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorn Yandel won't last long at this rate.ГўВҖВқ

The novices grumbled as they left, seemingly forgetting all the consideration we had shown them today.

At that moment, I seriously considered whether I should personally fix the problems in their heads...

But I decided to just let nature take its course.

As long as they continued in the profession of an Explorer, the Labyrinth would surely teach them many things.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have entered the Fourth Floor, Tower of the Sky.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have entered the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.ГЈВҖВҚ

Continuing our expedition, we swiftly broke through the Fourth Floor and reached the Fifth Floor.

The area in front of the Great Demon Realm Portal was usually a time-honored rendezvous point, always crowded with clans waiting for their comrades, but...

ГўВҖВҳThere are fewer people.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, it was still a large number in absolute terms, but it was nothing compared to usual.

ГўВҖВҳThe annihilation of the high-rank explorers must have been a huge blow.ГўВҖВҷ

In fact, more than ninety percent of the people here were probably midГўВҖВ‘rank explorers who used to operate on the Fifth and Sixth Floors anyway.

ГўВҖВңThat spot looks good.ГўВҖВқ

Team 2 hadn't arrived yet, so we found a suitable spot and waited.

The Explorers who were already there recognized me and glanced my way, but no one dared to approach and speak to me.

ГўВҖВҳYes, this is the Labyrinth.ГўВҖВҷ

For some reason, I was deeply moved by that fact.

A sensible world where the truth that the rude die early prevails.

How beautiful it is.

ГўВҖВңI see you arrived first.ГўВҖВқ

After we had set up camp and rested for about half a day, the long-awaited Team 2 appeared through the Portal.

ГўВҖВңMy apologies. The Stairway of Wisdom appeared too infrequently.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy is that your fault? Anyway, what matters is that you arrived safely.ГўВҖВқ

After joining up with Team 2, we resumed our expedition as a group of eleven.

Ah, for the route, we chose the Canyon of Wraiths, the shortest path to the Sixth Floor.

ГўВҖВңThere are surprisingly many people here...?ГўВҖВқ

That's what I realized as we moved.

There were more Explorers on the Fifth Floor than I had expected.

Most of the clearings where monsters respawned were already occupied by Explorers who had arrived earlier.

Well, there were still quite a few empty spots.

But the prime spots were invariably taken.

However, it didn't feel like the clans were strongly controlling the hunting grounds like before...

ГўВҖВңHey! I thought we agreed not to touch the monsters that cross over to this side!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen take care of them faster! What are we supposed to do when they keep attacking us from a distance?ГўВҖВқ

I saw quite a few places where two or more teams were sharing a single spot, splitting it in half to hunt.

Then again, there probably weren't many groups large enough to handle an entire respawn spot on their own.

ГўВҖВңOh, they said quite a few people who had retired came back to active duty. It seems to be true.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUgh... it looks like the overall age demographic has gone way up.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, I expect the Seventh Floor will be empty.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat's likely. More than ninety percent of the clans that used to explore the Seventh Floor have been disbanded.ГўВҖВқ

It was then, as we were heading further down while grasping the changed atmosphere of the Fifth Floor.

RuuuumbleГўВҖВ”!

The canyon suddenly shook violently, as if an earthquake had struck.

Excluding the navigator... no, even the navigator we brought along as a mercenary was a veteran who had been through thick and thin in the Labyrinth, so few words were needed.

ГўВҖВңA Rift!ГўВҖВқ

A Rift had opened.

Therefore, there was one thing we had to do immediately.

ГўВҖВңAbman! Location?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThere's one quite close! Want to give it a try?ГўВҖВқ

At the question from the Bear Uncle, who possessed the talent of a Guide, I let out a small laugh.

Of course, we hadn't planned our expedition with a Fifth-Floor Rift in mind, but we were Explorers, weren't we?

Why would we refuse a prize that fell right in front of us?

We have to at least think about taking a bite.

ГўВҖВңAbman, you take the lead! Ignore the monsters, we're moving at full speed from now on!ГўВҖВқ

I quickly gave the order and changed our formation, then we ran with all our might, following the Bear Uncle's lead.

Along the way, I saw other Explorers running blindly.

A six-person team was dashing through the canyon, desperately trying to find the Rift.

However, it didn't seem like they were heading for the exact location, perhaps because they didn't have a Guide.

ГўВҖВңThere it is!ГўВҖВқ

...

Soon, the Bear Uncle at the front hurriedly pointed in one direction.

Following his finger, I turned my head and saw a shimmering Portal at the end.

Shwaaaaaa!

A Portal of black light, writhing as if it would suck in everything like a miniature black hole.

ГўВҖВңLooks like we're not too late!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA Rift right from the start. Luck is on our side.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat are you doing, Bjorn! We have to go in!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar shouted, full of excitement, but I paused in front of the Portal to gather my thoughts.

ГўВҖВҳIncluding the Fortress of Souls, there are a total of twelve types.ГўВҖВҷ

The number of Rifts that can appear on the Fifth Floor.

However, the 'Fortress of Souls' is a unique Rift that only opens when special conditions are met, so excluding that, there are eleven types.

ГўВҖВңAs you know, not everyone can enter.ГўВҖВқ

Rifts that allow an expedition-sized group to enter only start appearing from the Sixth Floor and above.

Of the eleven types of Rifts that open on the Fifth Floor, ten can only be entered by a team, and the remaining one can't even be entered by a teamГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңBjorn!ГўВҖВқ

Ah, this isn't the time for such thoughts.

Still, I had roughly organized my thoughts on the way here, so choosing the members to enter was easy.

ГўВҖВңAinar.ГўВҖВқ

There's no need for two warriors, but she has No. 9999 BeginnerГўВҖВҷs Luck, so she's a top priority for unexplored regions.

ГўВҖВңCharlotte Amblot.ГўВҖВқ

A Mage is also essential.

ГўВҖВңAbman.ГўВҖВқ

It's more convenient to have a Guide in a Rift.

ГўВҖВңMisha, Garton Cultner.ГўВҖВқ

For combatants, I chose Misha, in case a suitable Essence drops for her, and the Supernatural Ability user from Team 2's Armin's expedition.

It would be a bit much to take only members from Team 1.

Well, for that reason, Armin would actually be the ideal candidate, but...

ГўВҖВңArmin, I'm sorry, but you're out.ГўВҖВқ

I need someone to act as team leader while I'm gone.

ГўВҖВңI expected as much, but it is a pity. Have a safe trip.ГўВҖВқ

After finalizing the selection, I quickly arranged the entry order and hurried into the Rift, worried the gate might close if another group filled up the spots.

And...

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I entered and surveyed the terrain, my jaw dropped.

All my hurried work of picking members in front of the Portal had been for nothing.

ГўВҖВҳTo think I'd hit the one-in-eleven chance.ГўВҖВҷ

The Rift that could only be entered individually, not as a team.

ГЈВҖВҢYour character has entered Paradise Island.ГЈВҖВҚ

The salty smell of the sea mixed with the gently blowing wind.

Was it just my imagination, or was there already a whiff of blood in it?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 874 ---

Chapter 874: Paradise Island (1)

Paradise Island.

Even in the Labyrinth, a place full of bizarre incidents and mysteries, a one-person entry Rift was a rare sight.

However, that didn't mean a one-person clear was mandatory.

It just meant you couldn't enter with your companions.

The total capacity for the Rift was thirty people.

Each participant would enter this island through one of thirty portals opened across the entire Fifth Floor.

Simply put, it was a Rift that had to be conquered by cooperating not with companions you trusted, but with unfamiliar explorersГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңIt does feel like IГўВҖВҷve come to a resort.ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps it was because the Canyon of Wraiths, where I had been just a moment ago, was a grim place where the screams of restless spirits echoed.

The sudden change in atmosphere upon entering the Rift felt strange.

The darkness of the labyrinth that had limited visibility had long since vanished without a trace.

Warm sunlight shone down.

The white sandy beach danced in the light, reflecting the sunГўВҖВҷs rays.

It was the same for the clear, emerald-colored sea over there.

ГўВҖВңI wonder what expressions theyГўВҖВҷre making.ГўВҖВқ

Suddenly, I unintentionally thought of the companions I had left behind in the Great Demon Realm.

They must have been quite startled when the portal closed after only I had entered.

Well, that surprise probably didn't last long.

As they were all experienced veterans, they would have quickly realized why this had happened.

Paradise Island was quite famous, after all.

Ah, not in a good way, of course.

Flop.

With nothing to do until the full quota of participants was met, I simply lay down on the sand and enjoyed a sunbath.

And how much time had passed?

ГўВҖВңH-HelloГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Opening my eyes, I looked in the direction of the voice and saw an explorer a short distance away, looking at me with cautious eyes.

ГўВҖВңAre youГўВҖВҰ a person?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat else would I look like?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhew! What a relief! Do you happen to know whatГўВҖВҷs going on? For some reason, the companions who were supposed to follow me in haven't arrivedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

It seemed this guy didn't know what kind of Rift Paradise Island was.

He also didn't seem to recognize me yet.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt worry. Your companions are probably fine, waiting for your return.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ does that mean this is a Rift that only one person can enter at a timeГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Fortunately, he seemed to lack knowledge, not intelligence.

ГўВҖВңIf you know anything, please tell me. IГўВҖВҷll reward you handsomely.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңForget the reward. Just sit down somewhere and wait. ItГўВҖВҷll be a while before it starts.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

With those words, I closed my eyes again.

The man tried to say something more, but seemingly exhausted by my complete disregard, he shut his mouth and sat down nearby.

And how much more time had passed?

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWhat is this! Wake up! ItГўВҖВҷs suddenly gotten dark all around!ГўВҖВқ

Waking up to the sound of his startled voice, I slowly stretched and loosened my body.

The island had become as dark as the middle of the night.

It wasn't particularly surprising.

ГўВҖВңLooks like everyoneГўВҖВҷs gathered now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGatheredГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷll see when we get there. Follow me.ГўВҖВқ

Saying that, I headed towards the center of the island, from where a colorful radiance was flowing.

The man, though confused about the situation, quietly followed behind me.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs other explorersГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

In a clearing where a giant crystal emitting a multicolored light was located.

About a dozen explorers were already gathered in front of the crystal.

ГўВҖВҳStill only about half have gathered.ГўВҖВҷ

Well, if we waited a bit, they would all gather on their own.

They had kindly lit up the center of the island, after all.

ГўВҖВңLook, two more have arrived!ГўВҖВқ

Anyway, the people who had arrived first were gathered and talking, and one of them spotted us.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt be on your guard, come over here! IГўВҖВҷll explain the situation all at once when everyone has gatheredГўВҖВҰ Huh? V-Viscount YandelГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

The female MageГўВҖВҷs eyes widened as if she recognized me.

At this, the man next to me also widened his eyes.

ГўВҖВңYou were Viscount YandelГўВҖВҰ? I had a feeling when I saw you were a BarbarianГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that important right now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰ my apologies.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWith the Viscount here, we have even less to worry about! We can just think of it as relaxing for a bit before leaving.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRelaxing before leaving? What does that mean?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhahaГўВҖВҰ Please wait a moment. I was planning to explain everything about Paradise Island once everyone is here. Oh, IГўВҖВҷm Ibella Rianelin.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlend Daren. As you can see, IГўВҖВҷm an archer. I can also handle close combat and serve as a Scout.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, you donГўВҖВҷt need to introduce yourself like that. ThereГўВҖВҷs no need to fight in this Rift.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...?ГўВҖВқ

The two exchanged brief introductions.

Since I didnГўВҖВҷt feel the need, I just found a spot a little away from the group and sat down.

Alend, who had followed me this far, glanced at me and then joined the group.

Well, the company of a friendly-looking female Mage was probably far more appealing than that of an unfriendly Barbarian.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, your attention for a moment, please!ГўВҖВқ

As a little more time passed, almost all the explorers who had seen the light from across the island had gathered.

Ah, the reason I say almost all and not all is simple.

There were 29 people, not 30.

ГўВҖВңFor some reason, one person hasn't arrived yet, but since we don't know when they'll come, I'll start the explanation. This place is called Paradise Island, and it's a very unique type of Rift! You donГўВҖВҷt need to fight.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo need to fight? Then how do we kill the Rift Guardian? And how do we return to the Labyrinth?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll explain everything, so please listen without interrupting! If you have any questions, I'll answer them all afterward!ГўВҖВқ

Exhibiting a very gentle leadership, Ibella explained ГўВҖВҳParadise IslandГўВҖВҷ so clearly that even a child could easily understand.

However, was there someone who understood even less after hearing the explanation?

A fierce-looking axe warrior scowled.

ГўВҖВңSo, what youГўВҖВҷre saying, missy, is that if we just hold out for ten days, an escape portal will open and weГўВҖВҷll get a reward, is that it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs right.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen arenГўВҖВҷt we in big trouble? The one person who hasnГўВҖВҷt arrived yet. That person might already be dead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ I donГўВҖВҷt think thatГўВҖВҷs likely, but even if it were, it wouldnГўВҖВҷt be a big problem. No, to be blunt, itГўВҖВҷs actually to our advantage.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAdvantageГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSince some of you may already know about this island, IГўВҖВҷll just be honest. When ten days have passed, the fewer people are left, the bigger the reward each individual gets.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

At IbellaГўВҖВҷs explanation, the axe warrior looked around in bewilderment.

He probably got the gist of it.

A reward is given to all survivors.

However, the fewer the survivors, the greater the reward.

How dangerous these two simple rules were.

In fact, when I was active in Stone Iven, I used to call Paradise Island ГўВҖВҳBattle Royale IslandГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВңBut donГўВҖВҷt worry too much. Just think of it as a comfortable rest before weГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHa, rest? With a crazy rule like this?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. Of course. Do you see over there?ГўВҖВқ

Ibella then pointed her hand at me, who was standing far away.

ГўВҖВңViscount Yandel is right there, so what could be the problem? No one would harm another person just to get a slightly better reward.ГўВҖВқ

At IbellaГўВҖВҷs words, the explorers who had been secretly anxious showed expressions of slight relief.

And the same was true for the axe warrior.

Well, it wasn't an incomprehensible sentiment.

As long as I was here, it was safe to say that a complete massacre was impossible.

It was perfectly reasonable to think that the feared event would never happen.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWell, I wonder about that.ГўВҖВҷ

I, on the other hand, was skeptical.

Because among all those playthroughs, it had only happened once.

The time everyone managed to survive.

***

Perhaps it was difficult to be completely reassured by Ibella's explanation.

The explorers gathered in front of the crystal kept glancing at me with strange looks.

I had a rough idea of what they were thinking.

Up to this point, it had all been IbellaГўВҖВҷs words.

They wanted me to state my position more clearly.

Well, it was not a difficult request.

ГўВҖВңThe only good raider is a dead raider.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd if you commit murder for a reward, youГўВҖВҷre no different from a raider.ГўВҖВқ

Was it helpful that I had clearly stated my position?

Only then did the explorers who had been watching me nod their heads in relief.

ГўВҖВңWhat a relief. After he said that much, I doubt anyone would have any foolish thoughts.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTrue, who would do such a thing when you get a reward just for staying put. It's not like we're Noark scavengers.ГўВҖВқ

An atmosphere that had visibly softened.

Within it, the explorers engaged in conversation, befriending strangers, and naturally, groups began to form.

The first group consisted of five men.

They were all characterized by their aggressive and fierce looks.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, where are you going?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe canГўВҖВҷt just sit around like this for ten days, can we? We plan to scout the area first. A Rift is bound to have valuable things hidden in it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Naturally, Ibella had no way to break the explorersГўВҖВҷ free will, and so the party of five menГўВҖВҰ

The Men's Party for short, left the central area.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңLady Ibella, weГўВҖВҷre also going to do some scouting.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs far as I know, there isnГўВҖВҷt anything that valuable hidden hereГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou never know. Besides, IГўВҖВҷm still worried about that one person who hasn't arrived. If we find them, we'll explain the situation and, if possible, bring them here.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Thus, the second group also followed the Men's Party and left the central area.

The second group was characterized by having ten members and a good balance of men and women.

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷll call them the Social Party.ГўВҖВҷ

After the Social Party left, a total of 14 people remained.

Here, there was a third group.

It was the group centered around Ibella.

ГўВҖВңMiss Ibella, is it alright to just let them go like this?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe one person who hasn't been found yet. We don't know what kind of person they are.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, theyГўВҖВҷll be moving in a group, so I doubt anything will happen, right? Ah, perhaps you all are alsoГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, we plan to stay here until the Rift ends. As you said, Miss Ibella, this is the safest place. We donГўВҖВҷt want to attract any unnecessary suspicion either.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSuspicionГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm worried that those who left might stir up some trouble. And when that happens, we will have to be the ones to punish them. If even the bare minimum of law disappears, these ten days will be hell.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷre right, Mr. Tehan.ГўВҖВқ

Although it seemed centered around Ibella, a closer look revealed that a man named John Tehan also had considerable say and presence.

ГўВҖВҳTheyГўВҖВҷd be good as the Vigilante PartyГўВҖВҰ Anyway.ГўВҖВҷ

If they were the third groupГўВҖВҰ

The fourth was me.

To be precise, it was the type that, like me, didn't belong to any group and maintained their individualism.

Ah, the number was the smallest, at just four.

ГўВҖВҳSighГўВҖВҰ whatГўВҖВҷs going to happen now?ГўВҖВҷ

Honestly, I thought it would be best to just spend ten days here safely and then leave.

While there was an additional reward if the number of people decreased, it wasn't that attractive.

Besides, if I were to get blood on my hands for such a reason, how would that be any different from a raider?

ГўВҖВҳShould I have just locked them all up in the central area and not even given them the chance to do anything else?ГўВҖВҷ

That thought came to me belatedly, but I let go of the lingering regret.

Yes, this was just about right.

I had already given them a minimal warning, hadnГўВҖВҷt I?

If someone were to cause trouble despite that, they were likely the type to do similar things on a regular basis.

It would be better to nip the bud here.

ГўВҖВҳI also lacked the justification for complete control.ГўВҖВҷ

If something were to happen, then I would have a reason to intervene.

Of course, it would be best if nothing happened.

ГўВҖВңDid your scouting yield any results?ГўВҖВқ

As time passed, the groups that had gone out to scout returned one by one.

The first to return was the Men's Party.

They didn't reveal whether they had found anything, but at least all of them were safe.

ГўВҖВңLady IbellaГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The second to return was the Social Party.

They returned to the central area not long after the MenГўВҖВҷs Party, and they too had no injuries or fatalities.

Hmm, no, that might be a bit of a misstatement.

ГўВҖВңWho is that on your back?ГўВҖВқ

Unlike the Men's Party, they had a noticeable result from their exploration.

ГўВҖВңWe found him during our search. He seems to be the thirtieth explorer we were looking forГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHeГўВҖВҷs already deadГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. Please gather everyone. We must find the culprit.ГўВҖВқ

So, all-out survival failed again.

Still, I didn't expect it to be on the first day.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 875 ---

Chapter 875: Paradise Island (2)

Paradise Island.

For the thirty explorers who set foot on this island, there was only one goal.

Survival.

Even if they did nothing in particular, as long as they succeeded in surviving for ten days, the Rift would be cleared.

The explorers who participated in the Rift could then return to their respective places, each with their own reward.

However, the surprising thing wasГўВҖВҰ

'That there's nothing.'

On this island, where 'survival' was the only objective, there were absolutely no monsters or traps that could threaten the explorers' lives.

Strictly speaking, it wasn't that there were none at all.

But it was more accurate to consider them nonexistent.

As long as one didn't do anything foolish and simply rested on this island, they were beings one would never encounter.

You could say they had no effect on survival.

Moreover, this island lived up to its name, with clean water and delicious fruits scattered everywhere, so there was no need to worry about starvation.

To put it simply, one could rest comfortably for ten days, and when the time came, they could return with a decent reward.

It could be called an island that was literally a paradise on earth, butГўВҖВҰ

'There's no way such a place exists in the Labyrinth.'

This island was far from a paradise.

To prove that fact, there was no need to even mention the things I experienced while playing the game.

Because even just looking at the current situation, wasn't it obvious?

A time before even the first day had ended.

One casualty had already occurred, and because of this, the 'survivors' were suspicious of each other and had prepared to defend themselves.

Just like this.

"First, there are fifteen suspects. The rest of us can prove to each other that we haven't taken a single step away from here."

The man who had established himself as something like the vice-captain of the Vigilante Party, John Tehan, scanned the Social Party and the Men's Party, who had gone out on an expedition, with a sharp gaze.

Needless to say, those who received such a look were not about to stay silent.

"The same goes for us! When we discovered this man's corpse, the ten of us were in one place, and no one had left their spot until then."

"That is your claim. Please understand that we cannot rule out the possibility that all ten of you conspired together."

"By that logic, your claim is also just your claim."

"Viscount Yandel was also here. Do you really think the Viscount would participate in such a criminal act?"

At Tehan's words, which clung to me, the leader of the Social Party could not offer any rebuttal.

But the absence of a rebuttal did not mean the absence of a self-defense.

They say the best defense is a good offense, right?

The leader of the Social Party was a seasoned explorer.

"Ahem, in that case, it would be more reasonable to view them with more suspicion than us. After all, there are only five of them."

If you can't break the arrow, it's the stance of a wise explorer to turn its direction.

"What do you mean by that! Suddenly dragging us into this!"

"Wouldn't it be much easier for five people who just met today to come to an agreement than for ten people to do so? Furthermore, about half of our group are women."

"Indeed... that is a reasonable argument."

"Damn it! What kind of bullshit is that! What's the difference between ten and five, and what do women have to do with it!"

The Men's Party, characterized by their rough looks, were going crazy, but the momentum had already shifted.

Because they were the minority.

"Would it be alright if we checked the belongings of the five of you?"

"Bullshit! Just try and touch them!"

"Why are you hiding them?"

"If it were you, would you just obediently show everything?"

"I would. Especially to prove my innocence."

"Fuck, what did we do to be suspected? Fuck off, if you want to check our pockets, you all have to do it too! Otherwise, it's not happening."

"As you heard, the estimated time of death for that man was about four hours ago. I believe our innocence has been sufficiently proven, but?"

With those words, the Men's Party drew their weapons as if to say there was no room for negotiation, and the atmosphere became uncontrollably hostile.

"Now, now, everyone, please calm down a bit."

As the situation escalated, Ibella, who had been watching quietly, stepped forward.

"After examining the corpse, I found quite a few strange things. So before we suspect each other and draw our weapons, how about we talk about that part first?"

"Strange things, you say..."

"First of all, this man. No matter how much I look, I can't find anything that could identify him."

"That's because the culprit..."

"In the first place, why did the culprit kill this person? If the motive was his gear, there are no signs of anything being taken."

"Ah..."

Simply put, it wasn't a robbery-murder for gear or valuables.

So why did this man die?

"It could be that the culprit is someone who knows about this island."

At the opinion someone muttered, the explorers' eyes sharpened.

Because if it was someone who killed for the island's reward, they wouldn't be satisfied with just one person.

We would all be targets.

"Well. We can't be sure yet, since it hasn't been confirmed if this man was truly innocent either."

"Huh? What do you mean by that?"

"This man might have tried to harm the 'culprit' first, and the culprit might have just fought back in self-defense."

"But if the situation was that innocent, there would be no reason to hide it, would there?"

"That... can all be explained by what just happened. With what could he have possibly proven his own innocence?"

It's easier to conceal than to prove.

It was a statement that made sense in many ways, and perhaps because of the incident that had just occurred, the other explorers couldn't offer any particular rebuttal to that point.

"Then what about the identification badge? Why was it taken?"

"That... I don't know either. But we still lack clues to confirm anything."

-she was about to say.

Ibella's words, as if intending to say so, were cut off in the middle.

"Bahella!!"

I was starting to get bored.

***

A silence descended upon the sudden shout.

However, no one pointed out my impulsive action.

"It seems the Viscount has something he wishes to say."

After a brief pause, Ibella's summary focused everyone's attention on me.

The Men's Party, the smallest group, was looking at me with very worried eyes.

They must have judged that if I took their side here, there would be no way out.

"You all..."

As I finally opened my mouth, the concentration heightened to the point where I could feel people's ears pricking up.

As it was my statement that could be a game-changer, everyone was holding their breath and listening intently.

I felt a little sorry about that part.

I had no intention of presenting a new logic, nor did I plan to.

In the first place, why is logic even necessary?

"Why are you all so stupid?"

"... Pardon?"

"Can't we just check everyone's belongings!"

"But it's a reasonable procedure to first check those who are suspicious."

Reasonable procedure, my foot.

That's something only weaklings do.

"Did you just call me stupid?"

"Pardon? No, that's not what I meant..."

"What do you mean, no! Didn't I just say it wasn't reasonable!"

"So, that definitely doesn't mean you're stupid."

"... You're even lying?"

I couldn't believe it.

Only trash like raiders deceive barbarians.

Ah, right!

"You were the culprit, weren't you?"

As I strode forward, hammer in hand, the man flinched and stepped back.

"Wh-what are you talking about! It's not me! I've been here the whole time...!"

"Raiders always claim their innocence."

"... Belongings! Then check my belongings! It will prove my innocence! If I were the culprit, wouldn't I have that identification badge!"

"Oh, is that okay?"

"Yes! Please check... but put that hammer down first..."

"Hmm, if you insist. I suppose there's no reason I can't."

And so, very peacefully, the first member for the search and seizure was decided.

His name was Matt Grail.

The explorer rank written on the identification badge from his pocket was 5.

He voluntarily laid out everything he had in front of everyone, but no suspicious items were found.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"You, why are you looking at me with those eyes?"

The next turn belonged to a member of the Social Party whose eyes I happened to meet.

"I-I, what kind of look did I give..."

"Suspicious. It seems a search is necessary."

"What's with that dissatisfied expression? Could you be the culprit?"

However, from the second time onward, there was no need to lift the hammer of peace.

It was thanks to Ibella, who had roughly understood the situation, taking care of the traffic control on her own.

"I know it's uncomfortable for everyone, but let's cooperate. It seems the Viscount intends to check everyone. This might actually be better. Since everyone's belongings are being inspected, it's not unfair."

"... I understand. However, the rest of you, please watch each other thoroughly. Someone might try to hide something during this."

After that, it was a smooth process.

Each explorer came forward in order to have their belongings inspected, while the rest watched each other to prevent any funny business.

AndГўВҖВҰ

The second, the third, the fourth.

The inspection of belongings proceeded quickly.

"Hmm, what's this? You're clearly a man, so why do you have a woman's underwear..."

"Th-that's my wife's! Everyone, don't look at me like that! It's just that I feel like things go well when I carry it around, so I always keep it with me!"

Pass.

It was a little suspicious, but the explorer industry is particularly weak to superstitions and jinxes.

In the first place, even in modern times, there were quite a few sports athletes with strange routines because of such jinxes.

"This is... a Firefly Ring?"

During the seventh search, I flinched.

"Yes. But is there a problem...?"

"Of course there's a problem. For safety, I'll hold onto this for now."

"... Pardon?"

"Just kidding."

Wow, how does this guy have something so precious when he's only Fifth-Rank?

Afterward, I rummaged through his belongings much more thoroughly than usual, but unfortunately, there was nothing suspicious in the Firefly Ring owner's bag.

'Tsk.'

If he had been the culprit, I could have rightfully beaten him to death and taken the ring.

The eighth, the ninth, the tenth.

As the search continued, I was able to grasp some information about the explorers who had entered Paradise Island.

Isn't there a saying that you can tell what kind of person someone is by looking at their room?

It was a similar context.

An explorer's bag inevitably reveals the various characteristics of that individual.

'This one has a lot of spare daggers, so he probably has at least one throwing skill...

Three high-grade potions? Is he rich?'

Someone with many family photos cares for their family that much, and having a lot of empty space in a bag is also a piece of information.

Usually, professional raiders who plan to carry a lot of spoils of war tend to keep their bags empty.

That's why the explorers had reacted so sensitively to the act of revealing their bags.

"Nothing strange this time either."

Ibella, who was assisting with the search beside me, spoke with a tone of disappointment, but I actually wasn't expecting anything.

I didn't believe an identification badge or a murder weapon would turn up just by doing this.

'Unless he's an idiot, he would have thrown it away a long time ago.'

Ah, of course, that doesn't mean what I'm doing right now is meaningless.

My goal was to understand each individual through their belongings.

I had already found a few slightly suspicious guys, so once the search was over, the real deduction would beginГўВҖВ”

"Uh...?"

It was during the nineteenth search.

"Th-this person, why does he have two identification badges?"

For the first time, a person with two identification badges appeared.

Checking the personal information, one of them was indeed his own.

The problem, however, was the other identification badge.

"Height 165, male, brown hair, warrior..."

All the personal details written on the second identification badge matched the deceased.

"Uh... th-this, why is this here..."

The cold gazes of the survivors gathered on the owner of the backpack.

John Tehan.

The man who had been the first to take the lead, saying that those who had gone on the expedition should be searched.

"This crazy bastard, so this is why you drove us into a corner earlier!"

The Men's Party, who had been through a rough time, even took out their weapons and surrounded him, but...

Surprisingly, he made no excuses.

No, to be precise, he couldn't.

"Ugh, ugh...!"

His face turned pale blue, and in an instant, John Tehan's entire body melted away.

Chiiiiik!

At the unannounced tragedy, everyone watching was at a loss for words.

Yes, this is Paradise Island.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 876 ---

Chapter 876: Paradise Island (3)

In truth, I had thought so.

The first victim, whose name was unknown.

No, I know his name now after checking his identification badge, but anyway.

[This man might have tried to harm the 'culprit' first, and the culprit might have fought back in self-defense.]

I had predicted there was a high chance that Ibella's hypothesis from a moment ago was correct.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

A tragedy caused by a fight between two explorers who didn't know much about this island.

It was something that could easily happen.

After all, they entered a Rift, only for the portal to close before their companions could follow, leaving them stranded alone in an unfamiliar place.

They probably doubted if the other person was even real.

And even if they were, they wouldn't have been able to trust them.

After learning about this island in the central area, they would have hidden the fact, fearing they might be held responsible for the murder.

ButГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңThat wasn't it.ГўВҖВқ

The death of John Tehan proves it.

The 'culprit' is clearly harming people with malicious intent.

AndГўВҖВҰ

'It would be right to assume that the culprit knows quite a lot about this island.'

Just as I had roughly organized my thoughts, someone shouted while looking at John Tehan, who had turned into a pool of blood.

ГўВҖВңKingГўВҖВҷs BloodГўВҖВҰ! ItГўВҖВҷs KingГўВҖВҷs Blood!ГўВҖВқ

KingГўВҖВҷs Blood.

The name of a poison used for suicide, mainly by the Rose Knights or the Royal Family's secret agents, whose names we don't even know.

However, the surprising thing is that this poison doesn't actually exist.

ItГўВҖВҷs sort of like America's Area 51, where they're said to torture aliens.

The public's fear and imagination regarding the Royal Family's secret agents created the ghost story of 'King's Blood'.

ГўВҖВңKing's BloodГўВҖВҰ! Don't tell me this man was a henchman of the King?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWatch your mouth! There might be other agents nearby!ГўВҖВқ

Sigh, such ignorant explorers.

That's not something like 'King's Blood'.

Well, the Rafdonia Royal Family might have a similar kind of poison pill, though.

It wouldn't be a poison that turns a person into a pool of blood in an instant.

In the first place, if such a powerful poison existed, why would it be used for suicide?

It would be used for assassination.

And in the first placeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңEveryone, calm down! Why does everyone assume that man committed suicide?ГўВҖВқ

Right, not all the explorers were idiots.

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ he was framed as the culprit, so didn't he have no choice but to conceal the truth with his death?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy would a secret agent of the Royal Family do that? If he had just revealed his identity and said he had a reason for the killing, we wouldn't have been able to say a thing!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUhГўВҖВҰ but since Viscount Yandel is hereГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen what about the expression on John Tehan's face when the identification badge came out of his bag? Didn't you all see it? He had a look on his face like he never imagined this situation!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo what are you trying to say?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI believe this was an assassination by the culprit! They must have secretly hidden the identification badge in John Tehan's bag, intending to make it look like he committed suicide!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOhГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

At the man's logical words, the explorers nodded, finding it plausible.

Well, I had no intention of refuting it either.

He was probably right.

The only problem isГўВҖВҰ.

'A poison so potent it looks like the rumored 'King's Blood'...'

Who could the culprit be?

What item, what Essence, what magic could have made that possible?

A few candidates come to mind, but it's too early to determine which one it is exactly.

But there is one thing for certain.

Until now, I'd been enjoying the game, thinking I wasn't in any real danger.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

Something feels off.

***

The death of John Tehan.

This caused a commotion, but since there was nothing that could be figured out right away, the search of the baggage, which had been suspended, resumed.

Ah, of course, nothing of note was found.

If I had to pick one peculiar thing, it would be a book found in a bag belonging to a member of the MenГўВҖВҷs Party.

ГўВҖВңIt's a book written in an Ancient Language.ГўВҖВқ

At that single remark, the book's owner, without even being asked, hastily confessed the truth.

ГўВҖВңI found this book while searching the island. It was hidden under a tree.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that so?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВҰWas there a book like this on the island?

I don't think it existed in the game.

If it was just hidden under a tree, the difficulty of obtaining it wouldn't be that highГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңDo you happen to knowГўВҖВҰ what kind of book it is?ГўВҖВқ

After the book's existence was revealed, the man was flustered for a moment, but soon, a strong sense of anticipation about the book formed on his face.

Heh, just like an explorer.

ГўВҖВңWell, let's have a look first.ГўВҖВқ

I flipped through the book, but it was so badly damaged that many parts were impossible to read.

Only a very small portion was legible.

I returned to the first page and quickly checked the parts that were readable.

This book was someone's diary.

[Day 14, the EmpireГўВҖВҷs pursuers did not come for us today either.

Just as ГўВҖВҰ said, they probably don't have the strength anymore.

We can rest easy nowГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

[Day 28, it was just as ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ said.

The anxiety is gone.

There is no more pain.

Everyone's faces are filled with joy and happinessГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.]

[Day 44, everyone agreed.

This is a meaningless act, but it is also more meaningful than anything else.

We have decided to call this island ГўВҖВҳParadiseГўВҖВҷ.]

[Day ГўВҖВҰ, the atmosphere on the island has not been good since Henry and Gael had a big fight.

They're going to spend the rest of their lives together, I wish they would reconcile even a day soonerГўВҖВҰ.]

[Day 219, Henry died.

I still don't understand.

Why did something like this have to happen? Poor Henry.

Gael, if I catch and kill that bastard, will your soul also find peace?]

[Day ГўВҖВҰ, while searching the island for Gael, I discovered a mysterious cave.

Traces of Gael were left at the entrance.

It was late, so we decided to search the inside of the cave together tomorrow morning.]

After they entered the cave to search, the damage was so severe that there was almost nothing left to read, and this continued until the last page.

[ГўВҖВҰDay ГўВҖВҰ, thГўВҖВҰ is not paradise ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

That was about all I could decipher from the last page.

Nevertheless, it's quite an interesting diary.

A sort of guidebook, you could say.

This diary, with its stories of a cave and internal conflict, felt like a device meant to reveal the hidden elements of Paradise Island.

You know the type.

In games, when they naturally reveal the story or world-building through someone's journal or something similar.

In fact, you can easily find such devices when playing [Dungeon & Stone].

The only problem isГўВҖВҰ ГўВҖВҳit's a book that wasn't in the game.'

I felt a very strong sense of dГғВ©jГғВ  vu looking at this diary.

The diary I saw in the hut.

That diary was just like this.

Come to think of it, there are more similarities besides the diary format.

The fact that it's in an Ancient Language and heavily damaged.

The fact that I never saw it when playing the game.

The fact that the location is part of the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.

Of course, there are differences too.

The diary in the hut waited for the 'EmpireГўВҖВҷs rescue team,' while this diary here is wary of the 'EmpireГўВҖВҷs pursuers'.

'Is this a story about deserters escaping to an island or something like that?'

It was then that I found myself frowning, lost deep in thought.

ГўВҖВңHah, what on earth could it say thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The book owner's words snapped me out of my thoughts.

ГўВҖВңPlease tell me! What in the world is written in that book?ГўВҖВқ

He asked as if he was dying of curiosity, and I answered.

ГўВҖВңI don't know.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhatГўВҖВҰ? But didn't you just read it so intentlyГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

That's true.

But it's too much of a bother to translate it for him.

And the diary itself doesn't really contain what he's hoping for.

ГўВҖВңI only took a look because I said I would. How would I know what it says when it's written in an Ancient Language?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGo show it to a Mage. Not a Barbarian like me.ГўВҖВқ

When I tossed the book to him, the man received it with a noticeably brighter face.

It seems he was worried he wouldn't get it back.

Tsk, what do they take the hero, Bjorn Yandel, for?

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Once the search was completely over, a female explorer approached me and, with a slightly flushed face, carefully asked.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you going to do with the dead explorer's equipment.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt doesn't seem like there's anyone who can claim ownership... He doesn't have any companions around either.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

Simply put, she was asking if we should split the belongings of the first and second victims amongst ourselves.

From a modern person's perspective, it's a very psychopathic thing to say, but in reality, this is just how a typical explorer thinks.

Of course, according to regulations, the right thing to do is to deliver their equipment to the bereaved families in the city and receive a typical 50% reward, but...

'Who would actually do that in the Labyrinth?'

99% of explorers treat the corpses of their fellow explorers like treasure chests.

Even at the Guild, if you say you found a corpse when asked about the source, they just accept it.

It's just a recommendation that's too vague to be called a rule in the first place.

There's no punishment for breaking it.

'They're no better than hyenas.'

Is it because of their greed for extra income?

A glint of greed could be seen in the eyes of the remaining survivors.

It made me feel skeptical about the explorer profession, but I decided to just think of it as them being faithful to their own desires.

Just like me

ГўВҖВңI will take their belongings, return to the city, and deliver them to their families through the Guild.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... What?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs there a problem?ГўВҖВқ

At my question, the explorers' gazes toward me turned slightly hostile.

Then again, even a dog will bare its teeth if you touch its food bowl.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰIf you're thinking of taking the reward, you should acknowledge our share of it.ГўВҖВқ

Unable to outright ask what kind of nonsense that was, the explorers timidly asserted their claim.

ГўВҖВңThere are no shares. I don't plan on taking the reward. I'll hand everything over to the Guild as soon as I get back to the city, so if you're suspicious, you can check with the Guild.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhy do you get to decide that on your own, Viscount? Our pockets aren't as deep as yours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... If you really want a share, I'll pay you out of my own pocket.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, in that caseГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut if anything happens to those who take a share on this island, I will do nothing.ГўВҖВқ

After I said that cuttingly, an awkward silence fell for a moment.

The one who broke the silence was the woman who had first spoken to me earlier.

ГўВҖВң... Why are you going that far?ГўВҖВқ

Well.

How should I put this.

It was such a complex concept that I just condensed it into a single sentence.

ГўВҖВңBecause I just feel like it.ГўВҖВқ

Naturally, they didn't understand.

***

I could hear mumbling from all over.

Saying I must be planning to take it all for myself behind their backs.

Or that I'm putting on an act for fame.

Or that I'm talking nonsense because I'm rich, and that I'd never say such things if I were in their shoes.

If I listened closely, I could hear them badmouthing me.

It was closer to a delusion than courage.

That was the atmosphere.

Because they thought it would be acceptable if they said it while hidden in a group.

'This is why those who don't know Barbarians are...'

Things would quiet down if I just grabbed one or two of them and gave them a good knock on the head.

Just as I was about to choose a winner with that in mind.

ГўВҖВңWow, isn't this actually a good thing?ГўВҖВқ

Ibella stepped forward with a cheerful tone that didn't match the mood.

ГўВҖВңA good thing? What do you mean?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause this is who the Viscount is. Doesn't that mean we can be more at ease? That's how I feel. Because if I die, what I have will go to my family. Not to the person who killed me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWell, I suppose that's true.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNow then, Viscount! May I ask what you plan to do now? Seeing you step up like this, you must have a wise opinionГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

At Ibella's question, I quietly looked at her.

She seems to like taking the lead, unlike how she looks.

Well, it's convenient for me if there's someone to do the legwork.

ГўВҖВңNow that two people have died, I can no longer just watch this situation. Therefore, I will find the culprit right now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? Do you happen to know who the culprit is?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOf course.ГўВҖВқ

As I nodded without the slightest hesitation, Ibella's eyes widened in surprise.

ГўВҖВңWho on earth is the culprit?ГўВҖВқ

Before answering, I chuckled and glanced around.

AndГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңThe culprit is among us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? Ah, yesГўВҖВҰ that's right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat's right. So, Ibella, from now on, control the personnel and have them come before me one by one, in order.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? What on earth are you planning to doГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI have to catch the culprit.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... What?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs I said before, the culprit is among us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

Ibella tilted her head as if she didn't understand at all, but I didn't bother to explain in detail.

It might be a very difficult concept for her, a human and a Mage.

'Why doesn't she understand something so simple?'

The culprit is among us.

In other words, if I take down everyone, the culprit will be caught too.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ.

Shhhhk.

I slowly raised my hammer and said to everyone.

ГўВҖВңDon't even think about running. Anyone who runs will be judged as the culprit.ГўВҖВқ

The bastard is already a rat in a trap.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 877 ---

Chapter 877. Paradise Island (4)

Of course, the hammer was never actually swung.

How could they possibly agree to that?

ГўВҖВңWhy the long faces? I'm just saying we break their limbs and tie them up until the Rift closes in ten days.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, but still...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAre you perhaps the culprit?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTh-this is ridiculous! What about after we leave the Rift? Even if we use potions to heal the bones, there will be aftereffects...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm.ГўВҖВқ

Hearing my method for catching the culprit, the explorers looked like they would drop everything and run if things really went that way.

It was a bit bitter.

ГўВҖВҳDo they really think I'm a barbarian?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, it was a situation I had induced.

This is how negotiations work, isn't it?

ГўВҖВңThis is the most certain method, but with so much opposition, I have no choice.ГўВҖВқ

In the end, as if I had no other option, I proposed a more moderate approach.

ГўВҖВңI'll leave your limbs alone. And I won't tie you up for ten days. Just three. Live tied up for just three days.ГўВҖВқ

It would be very inconvenient and agonizing, but it was a condition that wasn't impossible if one was determined.

The explorers, relieved to have avoided the worst, cautiously voiced a question.

ГўВҖВңSo, if we just endure it for three days, will it all be resolved?ГўВҖВқ

Somehow.

ГўВҖВңOf course.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUh... could we also hear how it will be resolved? Ah! If the culprit isn't supposed to hear, then it can't be helped!ГўВҖВқ

They looked anxious, as if worried it might be another barbaric and absurd solution like before.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not particularly something the culprit shouldn't hear, but... Hmm, itГўВҖВҷs a bit of a hassle.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease, we're begging you...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you're begging, I suppose I have no choice.ГўВҖВқ

I briefly explained my plan.

That there was a hidden space on Paradise Island, and that it would become accessible after the third day.

That if we succeeded in conquering that place, the Rift would be cleared without having to wait ten days.

And...

ГўВҖВңOnce it opens, I can kill all the guardians and get out within a day, all by myself.ГўВҖВқ

It was a truly arrogant statement, but no explorer doubted its authenticity.

They must have thought that with my reputation and achievements, a Fifth Floor Rift wouldn't be too difficult.

In reality, it wasn't much different, and now that my damage has been boosted by consuming the Essence of Tears, a Fifth Floor Rift is manageable even solo.

ГўВҖВңIf that's the case...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut then, won't we be unable to catch the culprit?ГўВҖВқ

While most were convinced, someone raised that question, and I didn't refute it.

ГўВҖВңThat's right. But there won't be any more victims.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs true! Once the Rift is cleared, there would be no reason to harm anyone else.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI will follow the Viscount's plan. It will be tough being tied up for three days, but at least we won't die or get hurt, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFor clearing a Fifth Floor Rift, that's not even much of a hardship.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHear, hear! The reward might be small, but we get to leave that much sooner!ГўВҖВқ

The explorers all agreed to my plan, and with their cooperation, we finished tying up all of them.

Twenty-six explorers, with their hands and feet bound tightly.

What would happen if I raised the hammer now and said I was starting the culprit hunt?

I became slightly curious, but I decided to leave the curiosity as just that.

There was no reason to create a sense of fear by leaving room for imagination.

ГўВҖВңAlright, then IГўВҖВҷm counting on you.ГўВҖВқ

I patted the shoulder of the only man among them who wasn't tied up.

He was the one I had assigned the role of guard.

ГўВҖВңIf anyone tries to untie themselves and escape, kill them immediately. No need for conversation. Got it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnswer with an exclamation mark at the end. Got it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes...!ГўВҖВқ

He seemed timid and not very reliable, but I had no other choice.

Raiders were not to be taken lightly.

Professional raiders who enter the Labyrinth to hunt people rather than monsters would naturally have their identities prepared.

And...

ГўВҖВҳMikhail Rektas.ГўВҖВҷ

Surprisingly, this guy had the most solid identity here.

That's because I had seen him in the city before.

It was back when I was going around to various drinking parties with Bear Uncle to expand my network.

Even then, this guy was an explorer active on the Fifth Floor.

ГўВҖВңStay sharp. If anyone else dies here, I will assume you are the culprit.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes...! But where are you going?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI need to find the exact location of the hidden entrance. Don't worry. I'll come back and stand guard with you during meal times when you need your hands untied.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh! I understand. I will guard this place well!ГўВҖВқ

There, adding an exclamation mark at the end of his words made him seem so much more reliable.

I gave Mikhail's shoulder a few more pats before leaving.

And...

Rustle.

I found a suitable spot to sit where I wouldn't be seen from the clearing.

After all, I already knew where the cave entrance was.

There was no need to go looking for it.

ГўВҖВҳFeels like I'm on a stakeout.ГўВҖВҷ

When will the little rat take the bait?

***

Day 1, Day 2.

Time flew by, and soon, only a few hours remained until the start of the third day.

During that time, I had been making periodic outings under the pretext of searching for the cave entrance, but regrettably, the culprit did not show themselves easily.

'Are they being cautious because we're all gathered? Or have they given up?'

In truth, although they were tied up, the bindings weren't absolute for explorers who had advanced beyond the Fifth Floor.

Physical types could probably break free with strength alone, and supernatural ability or magic types would likely be able to escape as well.

Of course, the existence of the guard was to prepare for this...

ГўВҖВҳI chose him, but heГўВҖВҷs not the most reliable guy.ГўВҖВҷ

Mikhail had a bit of a dazed side to him.

He was better on the first day, but on the second, he seemed to have relaxed and even dozed off.

Despite that, the culprit still hadn't made a move.

ГўВҖВҳThey might think itГўВҖВҷs not the right time yet.ГўВҖВҷ

That's why today is the turning point.

In a way, it's also the last chance for the culprit to act.

The third day on Paradise Island.

The moment the surroundings instantly darkened and the crystal in the center began to emit a brilliant light.

ГўВҖВңI'll be back. It won't take long, so stay sharp and keep a good watch until then. Got it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes! Don't worry, Viscount!ГўВҖВқ

I hurried out of the clearing.

Instead of heading to the cave, I went to my stakeout position and quietly held my breath.

ГўВҖВңEveryone, just hang in there a little longer! The Viscount will finish everything up and be back soon!ГўВҖВқ

Mikhail, now somewhat accustomed to his role as a guard, comforted the explorers who were struggling with their bindings.

And...

One hour, two hours, three hours...

Time passed so slowly it was boring.

I fought off sleep and observed diligently, but no one acted strangely.

ГўВҖВҳWas it really over? If so, it might be more productive to just go to the cave and clear the Rift instead of wasting time like this.ГўВҖВҷ

As time passed, I felt my motivation slowly draining away.

In a way, it was natural.

I didn't have a compelling reason to catch the culprit.

The only motivation I could think of was my belief that raiders should be killed whenever the opportunity arose...

ГўВҖВҳNo, letГўВҖВҷs watch a little longer.ГўВҖВҷ

For now, I decided to continue the stakeout.

Honestly, I didn't understand why I was trying so hard to catch them either.

Thump-

But I kept getting this chilly feeling.

I wasn't sure what was causing it.

It just felt like I would greatly regret it if I let my guard down.

But I had relied on my intuition too many times to dismiss it as just a feeling.

One hour, two hours, three hours...

Just like that, more time passed while I was crouched down, and now, in just two more hours, the night would end and daytime would come.

ГўВҖВҳWas it just my paranoia after all...ГўВҖВҷ

Well, it's probably for the best.

Now I can go and clear the Rift with an easy mind.

ГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВҷ

Suddenly, I saw a figure moving in the darkness.

Since I had been focusing on observing the center where the explorers were tied up, I was late to notice...

To my surprise, he was approaching from the outside, and even more surprisingly, it was a familiar face.

'John Tehan...?'

What the hell? Wasn't that bastard dead?

Faced with the unexpected situation, my mind began to race, quickly forming a hypothesis about the current situation.

ГўВҖВҳIt wasnГўВҖВҷt death, it was a movement skill.ГўВҖВҷ

Now that I see it, it wasn't that he had melted into a pool of blood; we had simply mistaken the effect of a teleportation skill.

'Was it [Human Sacrifice]?'

A rare Essence of the Second-Rank, no less.

And since I had never seen the skill being cast directly, I hadn't recognized it right away.

Anyway, the important thing is that this...

No, wait.

Thump.

The moment I spotted him, I dashed towards the clearing.

The guard, Mikhail, who had been dozing, woke up at the sound of my approach.

And...

Plunge!

A dagger was buried in MikhailГўВҖВҷs lower abdomen.

If he had been asleep, it probably would have struck a vital point.

ГўВҖВңGah...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUrk.ГўВҖВқ

At the death-rattle-like groan from Mikhail, the tied-up explorers who had been resting all opened their eyes to see what was happening.

ГўВҖВңJohn Tehan!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo you didn't kill yourself!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou damn bastard...!ГўВҖВқ

The explorers, having grasped the situation, expressed their anger, but because they were bound, there was a slight delay.

John Tehan took this opportunity to flee without a second glance.

ГўВҖВңHe-heГўВҖВҷs running away...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDamn it! Why did they have to tie us up so tightly...!ГўВҖВқ

Tch, I'm not confident in a chase.

I switched on [Giant Form] and ran with all my might in the direction John Tehan had disappeared.

But.

ГўВҖВңDamn it.ГўВҖВқ

Before I had even run for a few minutes, I found traces of his escape in the bushes.

Just like before, a wide splatter of blood on the ground.

At this point, further pursuit would be meaningless.

ГўВҖВңAgh, shit!ГўВҖВқ

I had been on a stakeout for three days for this very moment.

All that effort had been for nothing.

However, complaining about it here wouldn't change anything.

I hurried back to the central clearing.

And...

Thud.

The moment I arrived back at the clearing, I froze in a daze.

ГўВҖВңNo, what is this now.ГўВҖВқ

Was I being haunted by a ghost?

For some reason, the clearing that had been bustling with explorers just a moment ago was now completely empty.

***

What is this? Some kind of hilarious prank?

Or did everyone take it upon themselves to go after John Tehan?

With such thoughts, I waited blankly, but no matter how much time passed, the vanished explorers did not reappear.

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs no such event on Paradise Island.ГўВҖВҷ

Could there be an event that I'm unaware of?

The thought crossed my mind, but I shook my head.

It made far more sense to think of it this way than to attribute this phenomenon to a hidden event on the island.

'A person.'

The cause of this phenomenon is a person.

No, to be precise, it's 'people.'

The current situation was clearly planned.

John Tehan was the diversion, and in the meantime, someone else abducted the rest.

ГўВҖВҳWell, itГўВҖВҷs definitely not just one person.ГўВҖВҷ

Tch, I hadn't expected this, since it was a Rift that only one person could enter at a time.

Thump~!

There are some bastards pulling tricks.

It might not be just one or two.

No, considering that twenty-six explorers disappeared in a matter of minutes, it's highly likely that the scale is much larger.

And if this guess is correct...

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs not a coincidence.ГўВҖВҷ

Entering a randomly generated portal that appeared for the entire Fifth Floor as a group is next to impossible.

Therefore...

If it's not a coincidence.

It must mean it was intentional.

Slurp.

Feeling my mouth suddenly moist, I wiped away the drool with the back of my hand.

Even so, only one thought occupied my mind.

The only item in [Dungeon & Stone] that could make such an artificial event possible.

ГўВҖВҳNo.18 ГўВҖВ” Rift Generator.ГўВҖВҷ

Right, so that's what they have.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 878 ---

Chapter 878: Paradise Island (5)

The Canyon of Wraiths.

Of the four routes to the Sixth Floor, this one had the shortest path, but its tricky difficulty made it a place that mid-rank explorers avoided.

'Camping in this dreadful placeГўВҖВҰ I just can't get used to it.'

The navigator, helmsman Jackson, who had been hired by Viscount Yandel and joined this expedition, shivered as he got up from his sleeping bag.

It wasn't particularly cold, but every time he heard the screams of the wraiths, goosebumps rose on his skin.

But he couldn't show it.

'Why is everyone so unfazedГўВҖВҰ?'

Everyone except him seemed unaffected by the wraiths' screams.

No, it was more than just being unaffected; they were as relaxed as if they were on a picnic.

For exampleГўВҖВҰ

"Oh, that smellГўВҖВҰ! Meat! Is that meat stew?"

"Wait a minute! We have to add pepper and wait another fifteen minutes."

"A wise warrior knows how to be patient!"

"You understand, right?"

"Yes!"

Cooking.

They were actually cooking.

Not in a sealed space like the Fourth Floor's Tower of the Sky, but out in the open canyon!

Whoosh!

They had even built a large fire, with a huge pot placed on top, bubbling away.

Whenever the wind blew, a fragrant smell that whetted the appetite wafted through the air, and naturally, it also drew in monsters.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Tsk, what are a bunch of souls going to eat? Scram! This is our food!"

"You think the monsters will listen to that? I'll take care of them this time."

The monsters that approached were instantly vaporized by magic and various ranged attacks.

'As expected of Viscount Yandel's companionsГўВҖВҰ'

Truly extraordinary.

Then again, for those who have explored areas beyond the Seventh Floor, the Fifth Floor must pose no threat at all.

"Alright, everyone gather 'round! It's almost ready-"

"Bahella!"

"No, you get back! I'll serve you a bowl!"

And so, the meal began.

It felt a little strange to have such a proper meal in the Great Demon Realm, but other than that, it was an excellent meal.

It seemed that while eating, he couldn't even hear the annoying screams of the wraiths.

"It's wonderful again today. I'm always grateful, Lady Karlstein."

"Oh, it's nothingГўВҖВҰ The one who can, does it."

"Ahh! I missed the taste of this meat stew! The Golden Ghost Clan is terrible, and their food sucks! Misha, it was delicious today, too!"

The explorer who had been in charge of cooking, Misha Karlstein, scratched her cheek awkwardly.

However, an undeniable pride was mixed in her expression.

'Looking at her like this, she's just an ordinary womanГўВҖВҰ'

But if she wanted to, she could probably take my life in a second.

After finishing his meal, Jackson discreetly approached Misha and helped with the dishes.

"Oh? You don't have to do thatГўВҖВҰ"

"I have to earn my keep. Give them to me. I usually do this kind of thing at home."

"Oh, really? You're a wonderful husband."

"Well, the flaw is that I'm not home very often. Ah, of course, I did take a very long break this time! Haha!"

This was one of the tricks he had learned while being employed by various groups on expeditions.

Try not to be disliked, and if possible, earn their favor.

That way, they'll protect you when things get dangerous.

"By the way, it's already been three days."

"Yes. They said it would take ten days, so he should be out in a week."

"Aren't you worried, Lady Karlstein?"

Jackson brought up a question he had been privately curious about, as a bit of small talk.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"Huh? WorriedГўВҖВҰ?"

For some reason, the woman he asked tilted her head, even stopping her dishwashing.

She looked as if she didn't understand the question itself.

Did I ask something wrong?

I don't think I asked anything strange.

The atmosphere felt weird, but Jackson stubbornly continued.

But what was this?

"YesГўВҖВҰ It may be a Fifth Floor Rift, but Viscount Yandel went in all by himself, didn't he?"

"Hahahaha!"

The Beastkin man behind them burst out laughing.

"My goodness, friend. Were you worrying about that this whole time?"

"?"

It was a completely incomprehensible reaction, so he looked back at Misha beside him, but she was no different.

"Haha, Abman is right. You don't need to worry, so don't fret. In factГўВҖВҰ if you're going to worry, you should be worrying about the other explorers who went in with himГўВҖВҰ"

"Excuse me?"

Helmsman Jackson still didn't understand.

It was a Fifth Floor Rift, was it not?

And he went in alone, without his companions.

Even for Viscount Yandel, wasn't it okay to worry just a little?

Of course, having read the mood, he didn't voice such doubts any further.

"This reminds me of Bifron. Back then, Misha, you were extremely worried, weren't you?"

"UghГўВҖВҰ I wasn't that worried."

"It was a spectacle when we heard what happened there later! He became some kind of boss or something."

"Hmm, did something like that happen? I'd like to hear the details."

Soon, Armin, who seemed to be Yandel's right-hand man, approached and joined the conversation, and Abman, seizing the opportunity, began to chatter away with old stories.

Helmsman Jackson's interest was piqued, so he sat down beside them to listen, but at the same time, he couldn't help but feel that something was off.

When the time came, they ate a delicious meal.

In their spare time, they lay down and rested.

They laughed and chatted to pass the time.

AndГўВҖВҰ

No one worried about their Captain.

It was as if they had all agreed not to.

'Are they all on bad terms with the Captain?'

He simply couldn't understand it.

Yes, not yet, at least.

***

No.18 ГўВҖВ” Rift Generator.

A Double Numbers item with the ability to open a Rift of the corresponding floor when a Rift Stone is inserted.

Assuming they possessed this item, the picture becomes clear.

Putting myself in their shoes.

One must always think from the other person's perspective in these situations.

'Ten Fifth-Rank Rift Stones.'

That's the cost to open a Fifth Floor Rift.

Well, it is possible to open a specific Rift by inserting ten times that amount, butГўВҖВҰ

'The chances of that are practically nil.'

No matter how I thought about it, there was no reason to pay that cost just to specify 'Paradise Island'.

If it were the unique Rift 'Fortress of Souls', maybe.

It's just more cost-effective to open the Rift ten times.

It would take some time and effort, though.

Besides, with ten tries, 'Paradise Island' is bound to pop up at least once.

Anyway.

'They intended to clear a Fifth Floor Rift, but the one that happened to open was 'Paradise Island'.'

To summarize, that's their situation, and if I add a few more linesГўВҖВҰ

'Paradise Island opened, and of all people, Bjorn Yandel came in with them.'

'Bjorn Yandel said that the only good raider is a dead raider.'

'They managed to kill one person they encountered before gathering at the center, but too many are still alive.'

'Bjorn Yandel announced he would clear the Rift early using a special method and left.'

'At this rate, it's a loss.'

Yes, that's about it.

They spent ten Fifth-Rank Rift Stones to open the Rift, so if it just ends like this, the loss will be immense.

Considering the built-in cooldown of the Rift Generator, the loss becomes even greater.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

'They have to do something.'

This is the natural flow of thought.

Hehe, everything is ruined because of Bjorn Yandel, so I'll just accept it and take the loss.

How many explorers would have such a mindset?

One hundred out of a hundred would try to find a way to minimize their losses.

'And that's probably what led to the current situation.'

I glanced around the empty clearing and smirked.

It was a laugh tinged with a bit of self-deprecation.

They probably knew I was still hiding nearby.

They were only wary of the twenty-eight people tied up in the center, not suspecting an outside presence.

John Tehan, who faked his suicide to escape, would have spotted me hiding long ago and discussed it with his companions through some means.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Diversion.

While my attention was on one of them, the remaining companions kidnapped the other explorers.

The method of kidnapping was likely 'multi-teleportation'.

However, there's a problem here.

'Why did they take them away instead of killing them?'

This is also easy to figure out from their perspective.

If bodies are left behind, they can be used to deduce the culprits.

So they probably intended to kidnap everyone first and then 'dispose' of them without leaving a trace.

Well, since I checked all of their identification badges, I could still return to the city, check all twenty-nine of them, find the culprits, and make them pay the priceГўВҖВҰ

'Somehow, I think those were fake identification badges too.'

I had a gut feeling.

If I don't catch them here and they get out to the city, I'll never be able to catch these guys.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

"Are you listening?"

I start walking toward the central crystal, judging that they must be watching me in some way.

Thud.

Their current goal is obvious.

They plan to reduce the number of survivors to ten or five, and when the portal opens on the tenth day, they'll grab the reward and leave.

"You guys probably think you've got this. That no matter how much I comb this island, you won't get caught."

Of course, it's not misplaced confidence.

Indeed, areas like tracking and mobility are things a Shield Barbarian cannot excel in.

No matter how much I run around, I won't be able to catch them.

ButГўВҖВҰ

"Dream on."

I can say it firmly.

Such a future does not exist for them.

Because I am no ordinary Barbarian.

A K-Barbarian, well-versed in both martial and scholarly arts, possessing the mind of a gamer who knew almost everything about [Dungeon & Stone].

I, Bjorn Yandel, declare.

"No one can escape."

Of course, if they're hearing this, they are likely scoffing.

They probably think I'm just saying it out of anger.

Well, a sharp one might have felt a chill.

Anyway, that's not what's important.

Swoosh.

I raise the hammer that has crushed the skulls of countless enemies.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Craaack-!

I begin to strike the crystal at the center of the island.

Once isn't enough, so twice, three times, four timesГўВҖВҰ

Crack, crack, craaack!

Five times, six times, seven timesГўВҖВҰ

After that, I strike the hammer relentlessly, to the point where counting becomes meaningless, reminding me of the time I dug a tunnel in the Mage Tower's basement.

That memory gave me confidence.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

No matter how dark and long the tunnel, it will eventually end.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Craaaaaack-!

There will be light at the end.

Zzzzt!

A crack forms on the giant crystal.

Thud!

A piece from the edge breaks off.

With the heart of a seeker following the light, I smashed the crystal piece by piece, moving inward.

And at the end of it.

Swoooosh!

A small halo of light, hidden within the hard crystal, was scattering a fierce light.

Crunch!

The moment my hammer finally touched that halo.

The deserterГўВҖВҷs wish has been destroyed.

Soon, the radiance flowing from the crystal vanished, and pitch-black darkness descended upon the entire island.

Its meaning was all too clear.

Special Condition - ГўВҖВҳPath of Betrayal' has been deactivated.

Now, even when the tenth day comes, the portal they were waiting for will not appear.

So, to put it simplyГўВҖВҰ

"See you soon, you bastards."

They will have to come find me on their own.

I grinned.

Ah, and with the Rift Generator, of course.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 879 ---

Chapter 879: Paradise Island (6)

When it's time to lay their eggs, salmon swim upstream against the current.

And to turn those guys into salmon, there were preparations to be made beforehand.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Thud-!

I left the central area, where nothing but shattered crystal fragments remained, and dashed north.

Because the cave I said I was going to was there.

First, I have to go there andГўВҖВ”.

'Hm? Wait a minute.'

I, who had been rushing through the bushes with [Giant Form] active, slammed on the brakes.

Swish.

When I pushed aside a suspicious-looking bush, I saw a patch of dirt that had been covered up.

Gently digging with my hands, a corpse buried underneath was revealed.

Well, I'm not sure if I should even call this a corpse.

What I dug up was a single 'head.'

"Damn itГўВҖВҰ"

Even brushing the dirt off its face was meaningless.

The entire face was already charred black.

Of course, there was no way to tell if it was a man or a woman.

Judging by the bone structure, it seemed like a man, butГўВҖВҰ

'Why just the headГўВҖВҰ'

The question that suddenly bloomed did not last long.

It was just that what I found happened to be the head.

The rest of the body parts were probably chopped up beyond recognition, buried here and there, making it impossible to tell the gender without putting the pieces back together.

No, they might still be in the process of burying them now.

Grind.

For the first time in a long while, I truly felt the malice of another person.

To be honest, living as an Explorer, such malice wasn't exactly unfamiliarГўВҖВҰ

Perhaps, since gaining great fame, I had become something of a flower in a greenhouse.

After all, there were few who could show their malice so openly in front of me.

Soon, I let out a roar, spewing forth the emotion welling up from the pit of my stomach.

"Bahellaaaaaaaaa!!"

It didn't matter whether they were watching me in real time or not.

If they were on this island, they would have heard it, even faintly.

Thump!

I resumed my sprint and headed toward the northern tip of the island.

The northern part of the island was a high plateau, with sheer cliffs meeting the coastline.

Thanks to that, the sea looked much wider and farther than a sandy beach would, but the clear, clean ocean, which befitted the name 'paradise on earth,' was now stained black.

It wasn't clearly visible from here, butГўВҖВҰ

'The monsters will probably start coming ashore soon.'

I had personally shattered the 'Path of Betrayal' event.

There were no peaceful methods left now.

To get off this island, I would have to face not only the monsters but also the Rift Guardian at the end.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Swoosh.

The cave that should be somewhere beneath this cliff.

That cave is the location of the Rift Guardian.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

"Tsk."

I clicked my tongue as I looked at the narrow path that branched off the cliff like a side trail.

A man with a slightly larger build might be able to get by if he placed his hands on the wall and sidled alongГўВҖВҰ

But even that was a story for non-Barbarians.

'It's been a long time since I've seen such blatant discrimination against Barbarians.'

The path was too narrow for an adult male Barbarian to pass through.

So, I had no choice but to move by climbing down along the path as if I were rock climbing.

And how much time passed?

Splash, splash.

As I descended far enough for the water splashing from the rough waves hitting the rocks to touch my cheek, the narrow path ended, and my destination revealed itself.

'Hmph, discrimination to the very end.'

The cave entrance was extremely narrow.

In the end, I had to temporarily take off my gear, put it in my pocket dimension, and crawl to get inside.

Still, while the entrance was narrow, the inside was quite spacious.

Though I did have to lower my head slightly in the beginning.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Suspicious Cave (1) has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll forms of communication are restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

I'm tired of mind games, so I guess I'll start by clearing the Rift.

***

Unlike a normal Rift, Paradise Island has three different clear routes.

1. Survive for ten days, and a portal will open in the central area.

The special characteristic of this method is that the fewer the survivors, the greater the reward.

Ah, of course, this method can't be used anymore.

I deactivated that condition by smashing the central crystal.

2. The last one standing.

If 29 explorers die and you are the sole survivor, a portal opens in front of the crystal immediately, without the ten-day period.

Of course, this can't be used anymore either.

3. Clear the Suspicious Cave.

This is actually the standard way to clear the Rift.

It's a typical clear method where you explore the cave, defeat the monsters inside, and finally take down the guardian.

However, the truly ironic thing here isГўВҖВҰ

'The rewards for number 3 are the worst.'

Even though it's a route where you have to defeat the guardian, the rewards are the smallest.

It goes without saying for the second route, becoming the last one standing, and even for the first route, the rewards become quite substantial if the number of survivors drops below 15.

Of course, in terms of individual rewards, the third route might be better, but since that reward is applied equally to 15 people, the total amount is incomparable.

There's also the fact that you might get better rewards if you're lucky.

'On the other hand, for the guardian route, the rewards have to be shared, and there's a chance that no Essence or Numbers Item will drop.'

When you think about it, the Labyrinth has many mechanisms designed to make explorers kill each other.

Well, there aren't many places as blatant as Paradise Island, though.

Crack-!

I smashed a monster's head with my hammer and moved forward.

Ah, for now, there was only one type of monster appearing.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Humarite.

EXP +5ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Humarite.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Humarite.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a HumoГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

A Fifth Rank Humanoid Monster.

Its characteristic is that each individual varies in equipment, build, and even the skills they use.

In a way, it feels like a lower-tier version of the Third-Rank monster, 'Bayon.'

Crack-!

Each one isn't that strong, but their numbers are considerable, so it would take a Fifth Floor Explorer quite some time to break through this chapter.

The (New) Shield Barbarian is an overpowered class that combines damage and tanking.

ГЈВҖВҢ50% of the damage dealt is converted to fixed damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

With two uses of [Swing], the Humarites' heads would burst and they would disappear into light.

Of course, in proportion to that, the pain I felt when getting hit in return also increased several times over.

"OuchГўВҖВҰ"

Is this for real?

Is it supposed to hurt this much getting hit by a Fifth Rank?

The thought crossed my mind, but I quickly shook my head and gathered myself.

Isn't there a world-famous saying?

No pain, no gain.

Without pain, there is no gain.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ

Even while getting hit and clearing the path, once the stacks built up to a certain point, I used the Dragon Armor appropriately to quickly break through.

And as a result.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Suspicious Cave (2) has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll forms of communication are restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDamage dealt to non-monster targets is increased by 1,500%.ГЈВҖВҚ

In just half a day, I broke through Chapter 1 and successfully entered the next section.

The inner space that appeared as the natural cave ended.

The floor, ceiling, and walls were smooth, as if touched by an artificial handГўВҖВҰ

Fwoosh!

Torches on the walls flickered, illuminating the interior.

My immediate impression was that it was like an underground sewer.

Hmm, to be precise, it was closer to the hidden path leading to Noark below it.

It felt like the waterways of an ancient city.

Thump!

The interior space was vast enough that even using [Giant Form] didn't feel cramped.

With every step, the sound echoed widely.

"Is it because I'm alone?"

It certainly is a bit creepy.

The atmosphere felt like a Raider might jump out from behind a corner if I turned one.

Hmm, for some reason, thinking that made it feel a bit less creepy.

Raiders were, after all, the kind of guys who were more beneficial the more you killed them.

It was just hard to run into them in secluded places.

"Bahellaaaaaaaaa!!"

Still, I let out a war cry to get myself pumped up and officially began Chapter 2.

This section was all about breaking through a maze to reach the destination, and the monsters that appeared were the same as in Chapter 1.

The only difference was that a Supernatural Ability that matched the enhanced field effect was added to the Humarites.

[ГўВҖВҰ]

From Chapter 2 onwards, the Humarites copy the appearance of the explorers who entered Paradise Island.

Well, it's not like they can copy all the skills like a DoppelgГғВӨnger, so distinguishing them isn't difficultГўВҖВҰ

When progressing through this section, accidents due to friendly fire would sometimes occur.

'I'm an exception since I'm alone.'

Therefore, I quickly broke through Chapter 2 as well.

In terms of time taken, it was actually twice as fast as the previous section.

After all, if you can find the path without wandering through the maze, the straight-line distance itself is much shorter.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Suspicious Cave (3) has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll forms of communication are restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDamage dealt to non-monster targets is increased by 1,500%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢUpon defeating a non-monster target, all stats will increase dramatically.ГЈВҖВҚ

A stone chamber where nothing existed except for a single crimson spring on one side.

When playing the game, this is the section where the most betrayals occur.

It's not like they were under any kind of mind control, but whenever they came here, the NPCs would betray you like madmen.

Well, since they were NPCs with zero favorability that I met for the first time on Paradise Island, it wasn't something I couldn't understand.

'Anyway, that's why this was the most troublesome section.'

It was a dilemma of sorts.

The NPCs would betray you left and right, and what's more, each time one was killed, their stats would multiply, and they'd instantly turn into monsters.

But if you retaliated and killed them all, the boss fight that followed would become more difficult.

Because that stat-boosting effect disappears during the boss fight.

So, there were two standard strategies.

Either figure out the NPCs' personalities and try to build up favorability with the ones who seemed relatively good for a few days before attempting it.

Or else.

Crack!

Challenge it with stats high enough to clear it alone from the start.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Humarite.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a Humarite.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a HumorГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

As I killed all the Humarites that were madly crawling out from under the crimson spring, the water level of the once-full spring gradually lowered.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Illumakina.

EXP +6ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAdvanced Mutant Defeat Bonus.

EXP +1ГЈВҖВҚ

With the defeat of the mid-boss, the stairs leading to the underground, hidden beneath the spring, revealed themselves.

Thud, thud.

After descending the narrow stairs, which were not friendly to Barbarians, for a long time, I reached the Boss Room.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has reached a dead end.ГЈВҖВҚ

In the middle of the underground cavern filled with stalactites, there was a being kneeling as if in prayer.

Squelch.

As I stepped onto the mushy ground and moved forward, the being slowly rose to its feet.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Dreamer Mortis awakens from a deep illusion.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Dreamer Mortis.

The Rift Guardian of Paradise Island.

It is rated as Rank 3 and uses the name 'Mortis' like an individual name.

That's because this guy doesn't appear in any other Labyrinth area besides this Rift.

[ГўВҖВҰ]

Just like in the game, the guy didn't say anything.

The moment our eyes met, it manifested its Supernatural Ability and entered combat.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Dreamer Mortis has cast [Kingdom of Dreams].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Kingdom of Dreams].

A peculiar skill that, when cast, changes the surrounding field to a place of its choosing.

Although it comes with the premise that it must be a place it has been to at least once, it can even bring forth a 'field effect.'

In some ways, it's also one of the few counter skills to the (New) Shield Barbarian.

After all, a field effect called 'Eye of the Glacier,' which is fatal to me, exists in the Labyrinth.

Well, during a raid, the fields that appear are fixed, so there's no need to worry about it.

'I should prepare a countermeasure, though.

The guys targeting me might prepare this.'

In a Rift I entered by chance, I discovered an unexpected weakness of the Shield Barbarian.

So, I should return the favor.

"I'll try to end this as quickly as possible."

I continued the solo raid, and there was nothing particularly difficult about the process.

It was more like simple labor.

No movement or strategy is needed.

That's for weaklings to do.

I stuck close to the guy and exchanged blows, and when the stacks were sufficiently built up, I activated the Dragon Armor to finish him off.

Normally, the field should have changed a total of four times during the raid, but since the final phase was skipped, I didn't even need to see the fourth field.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated The Dreamer Mortis.

EXP +7ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢGuardian Defeat Bonus.

EXP +3ГЈВҖВҚ

Mortis, disappearing into light.

I watched with anticipation, but no Essence dropped.

But in its place.

Thud.

Clatter.

A FifthГўВҖВ‘Rank Rift Stone and a key fall to the floor.

Of course, that key is not a Numbers Item.

It's an item that drops with a 100% chance upon defeating Mortis, and if you use it to open the treasure vault in Chapter 2, you can obtain the spoils inside.

'As for the Essence, I wouldn't have a mage to put it in a vial even if it dropped, so there's nothing to be disappointed aboutГўВҖВҰ'

I'll find out whether a Numbers Item dropped or not when I check the treasure vault later.

Of course, even if one didn't drop, there's nothing to be disappointed about.

This is Paradise Island, after all.

'Guardians' aren't the only ones in the Labyrinth who drop Numbers Items.

'I'll have a use for the Rift Stone soon enough.'

After carefully placing the key and the Rift Stone into my pocket dimension, I sat cross-legged in the sunny spot where the boss had been.

The treasure vault with the spoils?

Why would I go there already?

The spoils won't disappear just because I go late, and what's moreГўВҖВҰ

'If I open it now, the portal will open too.'

This is the key part.

After all, to put it another way,

As long as I don't open the treasure vault.

No one can open the return portal and go outside.

So, to put it simplyГўВҖВҰ

'Barbarian Guardian Mode ON.'

They will have to kill me and get the key to escape this island

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 880 ---

Chapter 880: Paradise Island (7)

ГўВҖВңWhat? HeГўВҖВҷs still just sitting there?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo be precise, he's lying down. He's been snoring for hours, so it seems he's really asleep.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHah...!ГўВҖВқ

The man sighed as if he couldn't even believe it.

ГўВҖВңThat man really intends to see this through with us to the very end!ГўВҖВқ

The manГўВҖВҷs voice, as he clenched his fist, was thick with palpable anger, and it was the same for his other companions.

The only difference was that their anger wasn't directed solely at 'him', the one who had ruined all their plans.

ГўВҖВңWhat is all this? Didn't you say we'd be able to leave on the tenth day if we followed your plan?"

ГўВҖВң... That would have been the case, normally. If we just stayed hidden like this, he would have no way of catching us.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut things didn't go as you said, did they.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHow was I supposed to know! That he'd suddenly smash the Crystal!ГўВҖВқ

The woman, chided by her companions, protested as if wronged, but the cold gazes directed at her did not easily waver.

ГўВҖВңYou didn't tell us beforehand that the Return Portal wouldn't appear if the Crystal was destroyed.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEven you, who studied the Fifth Floor Rifts so diligently, didn't know! Isn't it more absurd that the Barbarian knew?"

ГўВҖВңDamn it, you should have expected it! That Barbarian bastard knew about the cave too!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI was against it from the start. That's why I tried to steer the situation in that direction at first."

"Besides, why on earth were you carrying that identification badge? And not in your pocket dimension, but in your backpack!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... I told you it was a mistake, didn't I? I was sure I had put it in my pocket dimension.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAgain, again, again! That ridiculous excuse to avoid responsibility... You think we don't know you did that so we'd be forced to follow your will?"

"You were the one who stubbornly insisted on following the plan from the beginning, whether the Viscount was there or not!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThere were several chances to make different choices even after that. But didn't we all agree?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYeah, who's saying otherwise? But you keep making it sound like it's all my fault!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNow, now, that's enough. If we fight among ourselves, we'll ruin what little chance we have. What's done is done, let's talk about the future instead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHah, fine. I got angry because you were blaming me. Rather than fighting and blaming others, let's discuss what to do from now on.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRight. The situation isn't that bad. Fortunately, we can monitor him through the ГўВҖВҳBloodline.ГўВҖВҷ And thankfully, he doesn't seem to have noticed he's being watched yet.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe hasn't noticed? Didn't you hear him muttering to himself back then? He said he'd hunt us all down and kill us!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe may have noticed, but he hasn't been able to remove or directly see the 'Bloodline', has he?"

"The fact that we can continue to watch him remains. And... he didn't say he would kill us all. He just said we couldn't escape.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSame thing.ГўВҖВқ

The man spoke sarcastically but didn't cross the line any further.

ГўВҖВңSo what's the plan? That Barbarian bastard seems to have no intention of leaving this island until he's caught us all, and as time goes on, our place on this island is disappearing!ГўВҖВқ

It was already the eighth day since they had entered Paradise Island.

The number of monsters crawling up from the sea had exploded, and now they covered the entire island, to the point where you would encounter them everywhere you went.

ГўВҖВңYou're right. For now, we're holding on with her magic, but we can't keep this up forever. Her mana will run out eventually.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI also agree that we need to come up with a plan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCan't we just hold out a little longer? That Barbarian won't keep this up forever, will he? He must have companions outside.ГўВҖВқ

At someone's suggestion, they all fell silent.

ГўВҖВңIt would be a loss for him too, to waste time just because of us.ГўВҖВқ

It was a somewhat reasonable guess.

However, for some reason, they couldn't easily agree with it.

Somehow, it felt like that Barbarian would endure such a loss and hold out until the very end.

ГўВҖВңThat would be nice, but I wonder if he'll really do that...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe closing day. Then what about holding out until the Labyrinth closes? He won't cling to us to the point of sacrificing his own life, will he?"

"If he doesn't want to be trapped in this Rift forever, he'll have to open a portal and leave before then.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat may be true, but can we last until then? The island is already swarming with monsters.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat about a deal? If we offer a suitable reward... Hah, I've said something foolish. It won't work.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

Just as a heavy silence fell upon them, the oldest man among them opened his mouth.

ГўВҖВңIn the end, it seems we have no choice but to kill him.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf even half the rumors about him are true, we're guaranteed to lose in a direct confrontation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen we just won't face him directly. Let's all think together. About a way to take down Bjorn Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

And so, more time passed.

***

Day 11 on Paradise Island.

A full day had passed since the time they would have already left through the Return Portal, had they progressed through Paradise Island via the 'Path of Betrayal'.

Chew, chew, chew.

I chewed on the jerky, a bit agitatedly.

Thanks to that, my mouth felt a little less bored, but in the end, that was all it was.

At first, I wanted to set a certain mood, so I waited in a cross-legged position, but that only lasted a day or two.

'Just when are they going to come?'

I'm so bored I could die.

Are they planning to hold out until the closing day?

'Seeing as they're crawling into the boss room one by one, the island must be full of monsters by now.'

Could it be that they were skilled enough to handle that many monsters with ease?

No, that makes even less sense.

If they were that skilled, it would have been all the more reason to challenge me.

(New) Guardian of Paradise Island, Bjorn Yandel.

Unfortunately, he doesn't drop Essences.

But in their place, successfully raiding him guarantees a 100% drop of several top-tier Numbers Items.

Also, as a hidden piece element, there's a Secret Numbers drop event.

'Where else would you find such a sweet deal of a Guardian?'

Right, not even a Tenth Floor Rift Guardian gives out rewards this generously.

The problem is that no one is coming to take down this honey pot of a boss monster.

Thump, thump.

Sensing a presence from the stairs, I quickly got up and sat cross-legged.

Then, with my back to the entrance and my eyes closed, the setup was complete.

As I gauged the distance by the footsteps, I confirmed that the sound had reached the last step, and then.

ГўВҖВңHave you come, mortalГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

I was about to deliver the line I had prepared, but the challenger, who seemed to know no manners, snatched the opportunity away from me.

ГўВҖВңKyaaaa!ГўВҖВқ

Agh, I waited for days just to do this.

Still, just in case, let me try one more time...

ГўВҖВңHave you come, mortalГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңVi, Viscount? Is that you, Viscount?"

ГўВҖВңSigh...ГўВҖВқ

I smacked my lips and just stood up normally, turning around.

We weren't close enough for me to recognize her just by her voice, so it was only then that I could identify who had found me.

As I had expected from the footsteps, she was really alone.

ГўВҖВңIbella Rianelin.ГўВҖВқ

The woman who, from the first day on Paradise Island, had flaunted the unique knowledge of a Mage and had, knowingly or not, taken the lead.

That woman was now looking at me as if she had discovered a sliver of hope.

ГўВҖВңHe, help me! Those people are chasing me!ГўВҖВқ

'What is this supposed to be?'

For a moment, I was dazed by a situation I had never considered, but having learned from countless media in South Korea, I quickly understood.

'Ah, so that's the setup.'

Even after all this, they still think a Barbarian is an idiot.

I was more indignant than ever.

ГўВҖВңOh no! Is that really true! To chase you all the way here after you barely escaped the criminals' grasp, where are they! I will smash their heads right now!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, was that too over the top?

Judging by her flustered expression, she seemed to have realized something was wrong, but Ibella quickly regained her composure and continued her role.

ГўВҖВңUp there! They'll be up there...!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, is that so! Alright, let's go together! Don't worry! I will protect you!ГўВҖВқ

I said as much, grabbing Ibella and pulling her behind me.

And then...

Kwajik!

Using the momentum, I slammed my fist into the center of Ibella's face.

Thud.

With a single punch, Ibella collapsed on the spot like a puppet with its strings cut.

However, it seemed she was still conscious, as she looked up at me with hazy eyes.

A gaze that seemed to have much to say.

I quickly apologized.

ГўВҖВңAh, sorry! There was a bug!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAgain! Another bug! Kiiieeeek!!ГўВҖВқ

Kwajik!

As I slammed my fist down once more, the bug died.

Hmm, is it a bit much to say it died?

Swaaaaaaah-!

The corpse disappeared into a halo of light, just like when a monster is defeated.

'...

It was magic.'

Well, they wouldn't be that stupid.

It seems like they gave it a shot, thinking it would be good if it worked, and no big deal if it didn't.

Well, judging by her final expression, it seems she didn't expect me to smash her head without a word.

I recalled the information Ibella had passed on to me.

[Up there! They'll be up there...!]

Interpreted, it meant that they were waiting with a trap set up those stairs.

I seriously contemplated.

Should I go up there, or not?

The picture doesn't look as good if I go looking for them first...

Tsk, but I can't just keep my companions waiting forever.

Thud-.

I slowly climbed the stairs.

Making sure that the people up there knew I was coming.

Putting strength into my every step.

Thud, thud-

Right, a boss monster ought to make the ground shake when they appear.

Thud!

As I nearly reached the top of the stairs, I saw four men and women.

They were watching me warily from a considerable distance.

'I thought there would be five.'

Only three.

Ah, are the other two hidden?

It wasn't important, so I decided to slightly modify the line I had prepared.

ГўВҖВңSo you were here, mortalsГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Before I could even finish my line, a sword sliced through my neck.

Swish!

Right, so there was one hidden after all.

My head spun in the air, my vision whirling.

At the same time, I felt pain.

Wait, why does it hurt to have my neck sliced?

I didn't know why, but the pain, amplified several times over by the Essence of Tears, was still excruciatingly painful.

And as they watched me...

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

The man holding the sword was saying something, but the sound didn't reach me.

I belatedly realized the reason.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Suspicious Cave (3) is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll acts of communication are restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDamage dealt to non-monster targets is increased by 1,500%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢUpon defeating a non-monster target, all stats are greatly increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

As I climbed up to the Chapter 3 area, the field effect had activated again.

'It wouldn't have been delivered even if I had said my lines anyway.'

Of course, the breakdown of communication was a minor effect.

The reason they tried to lure me here must have been because of this damage increase option.

After all, it was 'common knowledge' that Bjorn Yandel was tough.

Thump.

My head finally hit the floor, and my vision stopped spinning.

Smirk.

I squeezed out my last bit of strength to lift the corners of my mouth.

Judging by the "We got him!" emotion I read in their eyes, it seemed facial expressions didn't count as 'communication'.

How truly pitiful.

Snap.

The moment I applied force, the vision that had been touching the floor returned to its original height.

ГЈВҖВҢSevered body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ5% of HP is consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

The Guardian of Paradise Island does not die from a mere beheading

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 881 ---

Chapter 881: Alternate Character (1)

[Dungeon & Stone] is an incredibly hardcore game.

The moment you die, it's over, and dying is too easy.

That's because itГўВҖВҷs not a game that simply relies on HP and MP.

Neck, heart, brain, and so on.

There were too many vital spots that could result in an instant-death judgment, which was why a character nurtured for months could disappear with a single misjudgment, even at full health.

Well, Essences like the Vampire Essence did exist, which prevented an instant-death judgment as long as the heart was fine even if your head was cut off, butГўВҖВҰ

'They're definitely not common.'

That's probably why.

The reason their eyes were filled with such elation the moment they cut off my head.

Because normally, if your head gets cut off, it's over.

Yes, normally.

ГЈВҖВҢThe characterГўВҖВҷs Natural Regeneration is over 5,000.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢHyper Regeneration Bonus.ГЈВҖВҚ

A Hyper Regeneration Bonus that even characters who put all their points into natural regeneration would find difficult to activate.

Even I, after falling in the Great Demon Realm and having my head smashed, only managed to conditionally activate 'Hyper Regeneration' when my HP hit 0%, triggering the passive skill [Disapproval].

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Stake].ГЈВҖВҚ

Now, if I wanted to, I could receive the 'Hyper Regeneration Bonus' all day long.

Well, it felt like an unexpected gift, the exact reason for which I didn't know, but,

ГЈВҖВҢPhysical Resistance drops by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the total value.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMagic Resistance drops by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the dropped value.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power drops by 50%, and Natural Regeneration increases in proportion to the dropped value.ГЈВҖВҚ

All three [Stake]s were driven into me.

That was why even though my head was lopped off just a moment ago, it only ended up consuming 5% of my HP.

I had driven in the [Stake]s in the Boss Room before coming up.

'Well, with my old Physical Resistance, I would've just been slightly injured and that would have been the end of it.'

And of course, it wouldn't have hurt this much either.

'AhГўВҖВҰ'

I felt a bit down for a moment, but I decided to think as positively as possible.

I mean, right?

If not for this, I would never have seen such a spectacular expression.

ГўВҖВң!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Their eyes.

Opened wide as if they had seen a ghost.

I could even see one guy with his mouth agape, completely stunned.

I guess they wouldnГўВҖВҷt get to see something like this anywhere else.

Chiiik-

The discarded head instantly vaporized and disappeared without a trace, while a new head sprouted from the main body with a pop.

'Ah, of course, I have to do what I have to do.'

As a Barbarian with low Agility, a surprise opportunity like this was a golden time that I could never miss.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Swing].ГЈВҖВҚ

I took advantage of the brief moment their bodies were frozen and swung my hammer.

But I guess they were veteran explorers for a reason.

Even though it was a well-timed strike, the Swordsman who had cut my neck nimbly moved and narrowly escaped the hammer's trajectory.

Kwaang-!

The hammer slammed into the floor in vain.

At this, even my expression couldn't help but harden a little.

'ГўВҖВҰHe's pretty fast.'

As someone who had smashed many heads with surprise attacks, I could guarantee it.

The timing was excellent.

In fact, looking at his eyes, his reaction itself was quite late.

So much so that most explorers would have found it nearly impossible to dodge so perfectly at that timing.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'Just how high is his Agility?'

His stats simply exceeded my expectations.

Enough that he could move his body and dodge even after noticing the hammer just before it hit his head.

'What are these bastards, really?'

Come to think of it, that John Tehan fellow had a Rank 2 movement skill called [Human Sacrifice].

No matter how I looked at it, they weren't ordinary Fifth Floor explorers.

Puk!

Even though my instincts reacted first and I blocked with my Shield, his sword bent like a snake and left a hole in my neck.

Of course, as soon as the sword was pulled out, new flesh quickly filled the wound, and the bleeding stopped, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Damn, it hurts like hell.

I feigned a hammer swing to push him back.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңPtooey.ГўВҖВқ

As I spat out the dead blood stuck in my throat along with phlegm, I looked ahead and saw the four of them clustered together, saying something to each other.

ГўВҖВң-!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!!ГўВҖВқ

Of course, with communication cut off here, there was no way they could have a proper conversation, so they fell silent and exchanged glances.

This was like 'talking with their eyes'.

I wasn't a Barbarian considerate enough to give my enemies time for a meeting, so I immediately swung my hammer and charged forward.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Whooosh-!

Every time the hammer cut through the air, spreading a gust of wind, their silent communication grew more urgent.

No, in fact, they weren't just using their eyes.

They knew they couldn't hear any sound, but they still moved their mouths, as if to convey their message a little better.

'They're like cavemenГўВҖВҰ'

Their primitive communication was so direct that even I, watching them, could roughly understand.

'Hmm, this one feels like, ГўВҖВҳWhat are you all doing! Hurry up and fight!ГўВҖВҷ'

ГўВҖВң-!!ГўВҖВқ

'This one seems to be, ГўВҖВҳNo, he regenerates even if his head is cut off, how are we supposed to kill him!ГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҷ

'UhГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷm not sure about this one.'

'Judging by the context and expression, it seems to mean letГўВҖВҷs try our best and fight.'

Fortunately, the next sentence was very clear.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң-!ГўВҖВқ

'It's either 'Let's do it!' or 'Kill him!''

Indeed, right after the Swordsman let out that silent shout, the real battle began.

Hwiik-!

A sword strike, swung with full killing intent.

ГўВҖВң-!!ГўВҖВқ

A throwing weapon, shaped more like a shuriken or a throwing star than a dagger, flew from the rear.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has been exposed to the Fourth-Rank Curse Magic [Hands of the Dead].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢHealing and regeneration effects are reduced.ГЈВҖВҚ

Curse Magic meant to deal with me also began to accumulate on my body.

It was a bit disappointing.

'Tsk.'

If my Magic Resistance was what it used to be, I wouldn't have even bothered with a curse like that.

Even if I didn't get an immunity judgment, the Magic Resistance correction would have significantly weakened the curse's effect.

Well, it didn't mean much for now, but,

SeogeokГўВҖВ”!

Every piece of flesh that was cut healed immediately.

'Most magic curses reduce stats by a fixed amount.'

Judging by the effect, the curse I was just hit with was the Rank 4 [Hands of the Dead].

Its performance varied depending on the caster's mana, but even so, the maximum Natural Regeneration that spell could reduce was about 500.

And since my Magic Resistance wasn't zero, that value would have been reduced by a certain amount.

'Okay, the Hyper Regeneration Bonus is still on.'

Of course, that didn't mean I could just relax and watch.

The effect of [Hands of the Dead] grew stronger the longer the battle went on, andГўВҖВҰ

If things like wound-aggravating Supernatural Abilities or equipment were stacked on top of this and the Hyper Regeneration Bonus turned off, even I would find it a bit troublesome.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

'The Mage first.'

The moment I was about to kick off the ground to finish him off.

There was another guy who moved at almost the same time as me.

Tadat-!

The Swordsman, who possessed overwhelmingly superior stats even among these surprisingly skilled guys.

Pajijijit-!

Sparks flew from his blade.

Just like when he had cut off my neck in one go before.

The man, who had enhanced his attack power with a skill, swung his sword as fast as lightning.

AndГўВҖВҰ

SeogeokГўВҖВ”!

A head was lopped off.

Surprisingly.

Not my head, but the head of another one of his companions.

Tuk.

The moment it hit the floor, the man's body, which had started moving at the same time as me, accelerated even more.

Now he was so fast that I could only see an afterimage, making it difficult to follow him with my eyes.

Tadat-!

Only then did I understand the situation.

Why there were four of them, not five.

And why this Swordsman alone had exceptionally better stats than the others.

ГЈВҖВҢWhen a non-monster target is killed, all stats increase significantly.ГЈВҖВҚ

He had already eaten one.

Kwaaaaaaaang-!

The hammer, which was about to smash the MageГўВҖВҷs head, was blocked mid-air with a loud roar.

ГўВҖВңThis oneГўВҖВҷs interesting.ГўВҖВқ

The scrawny Swordsman was confidently blocking my hammer with his sword.

***

Chapter 3 is a truly troublesome chapter.

Not just while playing through it, but many accidents occurred here even after the strategy was completed.

That's because once one person decides to betray, it becomes very difficult to stop them.

'Each time you kill someone, all your stats increase by 1.5 times.'

Moreover, the calculation was compound, not simple.

If you kill one person and then another in succession, the 1.5 times boost is applied to your already 1.5 times strengthened state, a miraculous calculation.

Thanks to this, there were quite a few NPCs who betrayed their parties after defeating the boss to monopolize the rewards.

However.

'Still, it seems his Strength is below mine.'

At first, he seemed to block it stylishly, but looking at his expression, he didn't seem comfortable.

He was blocking the hammer with the veins on his neck bulging, but he was clearly being pushed back in the contest of strength.

ГўВҖВң-!!ГўВҖВқ

Soon, he let out an unintelligible, silent shout and pushed my hammer to the side.

Kuuuung!

The hammer slammed into the floor due to inertia.

At the same time, he picked up the Mage and quickly increased the distance between us.

ГўВҖВң-!ГўВҖВқ

The Mage and the remaining companion, John Tehan, who had belatedly grasped the situation, widened their eyes and looked at the Swordsman.

There was no need to wonder if there was another meaning.

It meant, 'What the hell are you doing, killing a comrade again?' They were probably also anxious about being next.

But the Swordsman was shameless.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

He let out a silent shout with the nuance of 'What else can I do?', and the Mage and John Tehan clamped their mouths shut.

The Mage seemed to have nothing to say since he was saved thanks to him, while the other companion seemed to have accepted it, knowing that there was realistically no other alternative.

From an observer's point of view, it was a suspiciously quick acceptance, butГўВҖВҰ

'That's just how guys who raid without a second thought are.'

The mentality of 'as long as it's not me' is a basic feature in guys like these.

'He didn't kill the Mage, so he must think he needs him because of the curse.'

Well, if so, there's another way.

In a situation like this, there's no reason to stubbornly fixate on the hard-to-catch Mage, right?

Kuung!

As soon as I made my decision, I turned towards John Tehan.

There was a considerable distance between him and the Swordsman, who was holding the Mage far away.

ГўВҖВң-!ГўВҖВқ

The man, who was suddenly targeted, seemed flustered but quickly regained his composure.

He calmly bent down to dodge the hammer.

Puk!

He even managed to counterattack by plunging his sword into my shoulder.

That's even better.

Kuuung!

As I grabbed the blade with one hand and swung the hammer, he turned into a pool of blood and vanished from sight.

Of course, it wasn't because he was hit by my hammer.

The Rank 2 movement skill, [Human Sacrifice].

Of course, I expected this, so it wasn't a problem.

The casting time is almost nonexistent, and the maximum travel distance is on par with teleportation magic.

It even has zero cooldown.

No one can deny that [Human Sacrifice] is a top-tier survival skill, but that doesn't make it invincible.

'First of all, the MP consumption is high.'

Even that skill will eventually reach its limit.

Therefore.

Kuuung!

I turned again and charged like a tank towards the man who had appeared at the opposite end.

One hit.

Just one [Swing] is all it takes.

He's not a tank, is he?

ГЈВҖВҢDamage dealt to non-monster targets increases by 1,500%.ГЈВҖВҚ

A field effect that also applies to me.

And an additional 50% fixed damage from the Essence of Tears.

I had a strong conviction that I could end it with just one hit, and if so, their raid would end in a game over.

Then I too would receive a stat buff like that guy.

Kwaaaaaang-!

With that in mind, the hammer once again cut through the air and slammed into the floor.

This time too, only thick blood remained where the hammer had landed.

'How many more times do I have to do this before his MP runs out?'

However, looking at John Tehan's expression, it seemed he had figured out my strategy.

So, he was also focusing only on dodging me without making any useless counterattacks.

ГўВҖВң-!!ГўВҖВқ

'Hmm, that sounds like he wants them to do something about me.'

Of course, this was also not something I needed to worry about.

The Swordsman and the Mage had been persistently interfering for a while now, but they hadn't produced any meaningful results.

'As if they could.'

Whether it's a steel tank or a flesh tank.

The nature of a tank doesn't change.

Well, a flesh tank has the fatal flaw of feeling pain, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңOrk, ork, ork.ГўВҖВқ

I'm pretty confident in my ability to endure pain.

It was while we were continuing this game of tag for a while.

Chwaaaak!

John Tehan turned into blood and vanished.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

I, who was scanning the surroundings to find him, froze on the spot.

That was because, by the time I realized it, it was already too late.

Puk!

The Swordsman, who I didn't know had moved there, had already plunged his sword into John Tehan's back.

The second team kill I've witnessed.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

John Tehan's eyes widened.

Was it pain, or betrayal?

It was probably the latter.

Even though he couldn't see the face of the one who stabbed him, he probably knew as soon as he was stabbed.

Who would stab him in this situation.

'So it ends up like this after all.'

I had been considering this kind of situation, so I wasn't too surprised, but what happened next was something that even I couldn't have predicted at all.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!!ГўВҖВқ

John Tehan's body, which was screaming with a look of malice, once again turned into blood and vanished.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

The man teleported in front of me, spat blood from his mouth, and fell to the floor.

Thud.

From this angle, 'talking with their eyes' was impossible.

However, I was able to have a more sincere communication with him than ever before.

If the eyes are the windows to the soul.

Then actions are the soul itself beyond the window.

'Yes, so that's how it isГўВҖВҰ'

John Tehan had already spoken through his actions.

He would rather die by my hand than be team-killed by that bastard.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 882 ---

Chapter 882: Alternate Character (2)

Nature has its own logic.

Just as a tiger chews on meat and a rabbit nibbles on grass.

A Raider never does anything for the good of others.

ItГўВҖВҷs because the very structure of their brains is twisted, different from that of a normal person.

To put it simply, Raiders are nothing but a bunch of guys with something wrong in their heads.

Crunch!

In that sense, John Tehan's choice to serve up his own head on the dining table was a logical one.

How dare you betray me? Fine, I'll betray you too.

I can't stand to see you succeed, not even in death!

You could say it was a very natural flow of events.

If I were to tell the story of what happened today at a Noark tavern, no one would question its plausibility.

No, if I said John Tehan had silently accepted the sacrifice, no one would believe me and they'd say it made no sense.

'Of course, if I thought about it rationally, the one to resent the most would be me, for messing up all their plans and creating this situation...'

IsnГўВҖВҷt there a saying that the sister-in-law who tries to stop the fight is more hated than the mother-in-law who does the hitting? This proverb captures human nature better than anything.

And...

Raiders are nothing but beasts with problems in their heads, their primal instincts oozing between their brains.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВ”!!!ГўВҖВқ

The moment John Tehan's head was smashed, the swordsman shouted something, veins bulging on his forehead.

His expression and eyes were filled with bitter anger.

No, looking closely, it seemed to be mixed with a sense of betrayal...

It was an emotion that a normal person like me could never understand.

'He's the one who stabbed him in the gut first, and he feels betrayed?'

How is this even a person? He's a beast.

A harmful beast that hurts people, at that.

A good Barbarian has no choice but to take them down on sight.

Therefore...

Thoom!

With no need to waste any more time, I kicked off the ground and shot forward.

I felt like I used the same amount of strength, but the speed at which my massive body moved was much faster than before.

It was a miracle created by the will of John Tehan, who had practiced the words 'love your enemy.'

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a non-monster target.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll stats will be greatly increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

All stats 1.5 times.

However, in this battle, only two stats were important.

Tatat-!

Agility, which allowed me to move faster.

And...

Shiiiiiiik!

My Natural Regeneration, which now rendered wound-aggravating curses meaningless.

Kuuung~!

However, the swordsman tried his best to protect the mage.

Huh, he had mercilessly offered the others as sacrifices.

Had he not yet accepted that curses were meaningless?

Hmm, or maybe there was more to it.

Since it was a man and a woman.

There could be some kind of exchange between them that I didn't know about.

Of course, it didn't matter either way.

'No need to drag this out.'

I decided it was about time to end the raid.

Of course, it was a little disappointing.

The Orb of Fire that countered the Fire Attribute.

No.687 Siege Slaughterer, useful for catching tanks with low Agility or when mass slaughter was needed.

[Soul Dive] used when low on MP, and so on.

'If I had used [Disapproval] as the final phase, it would have been a perfect Berserk Mode...'

The more I thought about it, the more I realized it wasn't just a little disappointing, but very disappointing.

There were too many patterns I didn't get to use in this raid.

But what could I do? The challenger's stats were subpar.

'Right, let's just end it.'

The only consolation, perhaps, was that I was able to use one of the things I had prepared.

A pattern that (New) Guardian of Paradise Island, Bjorn Yandel, brought out when he had taken a certain amount of damage.

'Aegis Dragon Armor.'

The moment I recited the activation word in my mind, the spirit warrior, Aegis, was summoned, filling the entire map of Chapter 3.

ГЈВҖВҢReflecting accumulated damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Yeah, a boss monster should have a summoning pattern too.

***

After Aegis finished its two greatsword slashes and disappeared, and when all the risen dust had settled,

ГўВҖВңOh.ГўВҖВқ

Surprisingly, there was a survivor.

It was the mage named Ibella Rianelin.

Well, I didn't know if that was her real name.

Trudge.

Both the swordsman and the mage had been split in half.

However, while the swordsman, who was Aegis's main target, was split vertically, this woman was split horizontally and managed to survive.

ГўВҖВңUgh, disgusting...ГўВҖВқ

I averted my gaze from the mage and began looting in earnest.

Ah, I didn't bother with a finishing blow.

The mage, whose lower body had been completely blown away, was only alive but in no state to do anything.

I was thinking of interrogating her later if I got the chance.

'Let's hurry.'

I shoved everything the remaining corpses in Chapter 3 had into my Pocket Dimension.

Equipment and bags, of course, but also everything that seemed to have no value.

After all, there might be a 'Pocket Dimension' among them.

'It's a shame I came alone without a mage.'

Lacking any magical sense, I couldn't distinguish which items were magical tools, so I had to just grab everything and leave.

As long as it wasn't a pocket dimension engraved onto the body, it should be possible to open it one way or another.

It was a recent technology that didn't exist 150 years ago, during the game's setting.

Most pocket dimensions had security like a unique activation word, but as magic developed, did they not also find ways to break through that firewall?

'Please, the Rift Generator has to be in there...'

After finishing the basic looting, I grabbed the half-mage Ibella and went down to the Boss Room.

And...

Chwaak-!

When I poured a potion on her severed torso, Ibella, who had been on the verge of dying from shock, let out a scream and woke up.

She was constantly writhing in pain, not in a good state for a conversation, but I didn't have time.

It wasn't an injury that could be healed with just a potion.

ГўВҖВңIbella Rianelin.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKeoheok, heok...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnswer me properly, and I'll let you go peacefully.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңKkeueu... geueulgeul...ГўВҖВқ

...

No, what in the world is she saying?

The communication-blocking field effect was gone, but for some reason, it had become even harder to communicate than before.

In the end, did I have no choice but to use a primitive method again?

ГўВҖВңBlink once for yes, and twice for no. Understand?ГўВҖВқ

Okay, seeing her silently blink, it seemed she understood what I said...

I began the interrogation in earnest.

ГўВҖВңDid you enter with a Rift Generator?ГўВҖВқ

Blink.

Oh, so my guess was right.

Excited by the explosive surge of anticipation, I asked more, but the subsequent answers were quite disappointing.

ГўВҖВңThe Rift Generator, do you have it?ГўВҖВқ

Blink, blink.

ГўВҖВңThen your other companions?ГўВҖВқ

Blink, blink.

ГўВҖВңYour other companions don't have it either? What kind of nonsense is that? Didn't you say you entered with a Rift Generator?ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps because it was a difficult question to answer with a yes or no, Ibella spat out a few words while coughing up blood.

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou borrowed it?ГўВҖВқ

Blink.

After hearing the information that they 'borrowed it', a certain situation formed in my mind, making it possible to continue the interrogation.

ГўВҖВңDid the owner of the Rift Generator also enter Paradise Island with you?ГўВҖВқ

Blink, blink.

ГўВҖВңSo the owner just opened the Rift and left? After receiving a suitable payment from you?ГўВҖВқ

Blink.

ГўВҖВңDamn it all!ГўВҖВқ

How many sleepless nights did I spend thinking about getting the Rift Generator?

What kind of fucked-up situation was this?

ГўВҖВңN-now... st... op...ГўВҖВқ

Ibella slowly closed her eyelids as if she wanted to rest.

I couldn't just watch, so I quickly took out another bottle of potion.

ShiiiiiiikГўВҖВ”!

As bubbles frothed, Ibella's closing eyes shot open, and the veins on her neck bulged again.

ГўВҖВңKkeueu, eulm...!!ГўВҖВқ

Her squirming like a bug was a little pitiable, but it couldn't be helped.

Where do you think you're going?

Death is not an escape.

Even if you're going to go, you have to solve my questions before you leave.

Besides, this wasn't torture, it was a medical procedure.

Even Geneva would surely understand.

Therefore...

ГўВҖВңDo you belong to a specific group?ГўВҖВқ

Blink.

ГўВҖВңIs the owner of that Rift Generator in the same group?ГўВҖВқ

Blink.

Hmm...

I didn't think there'd really be a group.

ГўВҖВңIs that group the Rafdonia Royal Family?ГўВҖВқ

Blink, blink.

ГўВҖВңThen Noark?ГўВҖВқ

Blink, blink.

I continued to ask questions, but it was impossible to find out the group's name with just yes and no answers.

She must have lost even the strength to speak, as she didn't spit out a few words like before.

Ah, of course, it wasn't a total loss.

ГўВҖВңWhat is it then? Is there something like a raidersГўВҖВҷ guild?ГўВҖВқ

---- Blink.

ГўВҖВңHuh...? There is something like that? Where? In a city? No, which Zone is it in?ГўВҖВқ

I quickly poured out more questions, but Ibella didn't even blink.

In the end, I gave up on finding out about the group.

No, to be precise, I was forced to give up.

Chwaak-!

No matter how many more potions I poured, Ibella didn't open her eyes.

***

After looting Ibella's corpse, I quickly went up to the Chapter 3 area.

And just as I was about to head to Chapter 2, where the escape Portal was.

ГўВҖВңOh?ГўВҖВқ

I saw an abandoned corpse right on the path to the second area.

It seemed like he had been sacrificed in the third area and then tossed over here out of sight...

'Nothing much to loot.'

His corpse had been left in a state of non-possession, as if they had already picked it clean.

But... ГўВҖВңAh, this bastard.ГўВҖВқ

His face looked familiar, and as I looked, I realized it was him.

The one who had the 'Firefly Ring' during the inventory check.

According to his ID, he was only Fifth Rank, so I had wondered why he had such a precious item.

'Maybe that was some kind of foreshadowing.'

He probably wasn't even Fifth Rank in reality.

The swordsman, and John Tehan too.

They were definitely not at the level of a mere Fifth Rank.

Even Ibella had used a Fourth-Rank Curse Magic.

Anyway, it wasn't important now.

'Then... there's a chance the Firefly Ring is also in my Pocket Dimension...'

I hadn't properly checked the contents I had shoved in indiscriminately, so I was quite hopeful.

Well, if he had put it in an engraved pocket dimension and died, I would never be able to find it, but...

I could only hope that wasn't the case.

'For now, I'll check the looted spoils after I get out...'

I resumed my steps and quickly headed towards the maze section of Chapter 2.

After all, more than ten days had already passed.

By now, it was a time when even my companions, who knew me well, would start to worry.

Or not?

Ah, they would, surely.

The Captain went into a Rift alone, surely they'd at least be a little worried, right?

Thump!

I had already checked the location of the treasure vault in Chapter 2, so finding it was no problem, and running while thinking of my companions, I arrived earlier than expected.

Clank.

After defeating Mortis, I used the key I obtained to open the door, and the first thing I saw was a Portal.

Shwaaaaaaaah!

If I took that, I would return to the same location where I first entered.

Of course, I had no intention of taking it right away.

Swoosh.

I carefully approached the treasure chest located in front of the Portal.

'What will come out?'

The rewards from the treasure chests on Paradise Island were too broad.

Numbers Items.

Rare materials like dragonhide or Mystium.

Experience Points potions.

There were even cases where an old Vial containing an Essence came out...

Kkiiiiiik.

Soon, I fully opened the chest and checked its contents, and I froze on the spot.

'Numbers.'

First off, a Numbers Item did come out.

It was even an extremely rare and quite useful triple-digit Numbers Item.

However...

ГўВҖВңUh...ГўВҖВқ

I pondered more seriously than ever before.

After all, the place where I was standing was not just a 2D game, but undeniable reality.

I had no choice but to be careful about the looting itself.

ГўВҖВң... Should I pick this up, or not?ГўВҖВқ

Recalling the number and name of the Numbers Item dropped as a spoil of war, I let out a long sigh.

'No.666 ГўВҖВ” Hans FerretГўВҖВҷs Outing Doll.'

Right, there was something like this, too...

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 883 ---

Chapter 883: Alternate Character (3)

I carefully reached out and took the doll.

Then, as if handling hazardous material, I lifted it very, very slowly to examine it.

The appearance itself was perfectly fine.

It was a stuffed doll, not a hard, jointed one.

However, it was made of leather, not cloth, and there were no tears or worn out spots.

To the touch, the stuffing was soft and plush.

It did not feel like a cursed doll at all.

Of course, the blank face was a bit unsettling.

ГўВҖВҳThis part will probably change to resemble the owner once one is setГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As I meticulously examined the doll, I felt my brow furrowing without realizing it.

Well, to be precise, I felt my worries deepening.

No.666, Hans FerretГўВҖВҷs Outing Doll.

I could not deny that it was a useful Numbers Item.

It would surely be of great help in my future plans.

But...

ГўВҖВңHow can a Numbers Item's name beГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I could not bring myself to finish the sentence.

Of course, it was something I did not think much about when I played the game.

Many Numbers Items were named in this format.

For example, Kraul's Demon Crusher.

There were many Numbers Items with names like 'So-and-so's Such-and-such', and I always dropped the 'So-and-so' and just called it 'Such-and-such'.

Kraul's Demon Crusher was just Demon Crusher.

This doll too, I used to just call it the 'Outing Doll'.

ГўВҖВңEven the number is fucking terrible.ГўВҖВқ

The name had 'Hans' in it, and the number was 666?

If this was not a cursed doll, then what was!

It even had an effect that was practically a curse.

When using the Outing Doll, my Luck stat would temporarily drop by about 300.

Thump!

Just holding the doll in my hand made the Warrior's Heart beat powerfully, as if sensing danger.

It might have been my imagination, but a chill ran down my spine.

An impulse to throw the doll on the floor welled up inside me.

But the stronger the impulse, the more I regained my reason.

ГўВҖВҳ...I need it.ГўВҖВҷ

The item's performance was too appealing to give up over a jinx.

As I reminded myself of its abilities, I realized it could become the alpha of my plans.

ГўВҖВңDamn it.ГўВҖВқ

The hesitation did not last long.

I immediately grabbed the ring on the doll's back and pulled the string.

[The character has used [Hans FerretГўВҖВҷs Outing Doll].]

But perhaps because it was the first time casting?

It did not activate immediately; there was a short casting time.

On the doll's blank face, threads were stitched like embroidery, forming new facial features.

[The doll has been bound to the user.]

A face that subtly resembled me.

The doll then smiled brightly, revealing its teeth, and I almost slammed it to the floor without thinking.

Ha, I let my guard down.

ГўВҖВҳWhat the fuck, it's just embroidery, why is it movГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВҷ

My thought was cut short.

Shhh.

Suddenly, my field of vision lowered, and the shimmering portal felt a little closer.

It meant the 'Outing Doll' had worked properly.

Adapting to the unfamiliar sensation of a new body, I slowly turned around to see my original body standing stock still, as if its soul had departed.

ГўВҖВҳSurprisingly, it doesn't feel strange.ГўВҖВҷ

I stretched and walked around in circles inside the warehouse, but nothing felt particularly uncomfortable.

ГўВҖВңAh, ah, ah...?ГўВҖВқ

What was with this voice.

ГўВҖВҳI don't really like this part.ГўВҖВҷ

It was too high pitched for a Barbarian.

Well, since I would have to move around with my identity concealed in this state, was it not good for a disguise?

Squeeze.

I clenched and unclenched my fist.

However, unlike when I was 'Bjorn Yandel', I did not feel power surging through my body.

I was in a pure Level 1 commoner state.

This was both an advantage and a disadvantage of the ГўВҖВҳOuting DollГўВҖВҷ.

This doll could not copy the main body's performance.

But in exchange...

ГўВҖВҳIt has a high degree of freedom.ГўВҖВҷ

First, there was no distance limit.

Meaning, no matter how far I went from the main body, the summoning would not be undone, and there was no separate duration either.

As long as I accepted the risk of the cooldown increasing in proportion to the usage time, I could use it for days on end.

And crucially,

ГўВҖВҳLevel Up.ГўВҖВҷ

This Outing Doll could level up and consume Essences.

Simply put, it could be used like an Alternate Character.

ГўВҖВҳWell, it's difficult to use for combat, though.ГўВҖВҷ

The Outing Doll could not remove an Essence once it was consumed.

It also had a fatal flaw of only receiving 50% of the stat bonus from Essences.

ButГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

Tap-!

With a light step, I threw myself toward the portal.

This was the very reason why, despite the ominous name and number attached to the Outing Doll, I ended up binding it to myself.

[You have entered the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.]

The Outing Doll could cross through portals.

In other words, simply put.

ГўВҖВҳI can send this thing to the Underground First Floor first.ГўВҖВҷ

I now had an Alternate Character that doubled as an exploration robot.

***

When I came out of the portal, I was greeted by the familiar smell of meat stew.

ГўВҖВҳLooks like it's mealtime.ГўВҖВҷ

Heh, they were resting quite well while I was gone, huh?

I was stuck inside chewing on jerky all day.

Thud!

The moment my feet touched the ground after exiting the portal, a sharp jolt shot up from my knee.

It was a sensation I had not felt in a very long time.

Damn, my body felt like it was made of straw.

"Ah?"

When I came to my senses, a cold dagger was pressed against my neck.

It was none other than Misha.

ГўВҖВңWho are you? How did you come out of that portal?ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, it felt a bit strange.

She had never spoken to me so coldly with such a hostile gaze before.

She must have been in serious mode, her pronunciation was not even slurred like usual.

ГўВҖВңAnswer me. Were you in the Rift too?ГўВҖВқ

By the way, was it because my stats were that of a commoner?

I could not even see an afterimage of Misha's movement.

Just a moment ago, she was definitely sitting over there with a bowl, eating.

ГўВҖВңI told you to answer.ГўВҖВқ

As she spoke, I felt a liquid trickle down my neck.

Like hearing the thunder a few seconds after seeing the lightning.

It was only then that I registered the stinging pain.

ГўВҖВңAh.......ГўВҖВқ

I did not realize.

The pain was so small.

That I had been hurt.

ГўВҖВҳ...Is this what normal pain feels like?ГўВҖВҷ

I was truly moved.

Did this mean that in my Alternate Character's body, I could feel normal pain even from stubbing my toe on a doorframe!

"WhaГўВҖВ”!ГўВҖВқ

When I snapped out of it, I was spinning once in the air.

Soon I was slammed to the ground, and Misha climbed onto my back, pinning me down and pointing the dagger at my neck again.

ГўВҖВңYou'd better speak quickly. How did you come out of the portal Bjorn went into?ГўВҖВқ

A thick killing intent flowed into my ears.

From the side, I could also hear the voices of Armin and Bear Uncle.

ГўВҖВң...Miss Karlstein, be careful.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIndeed. To appear naked out of nowhere, he's no ordinary suspicious fellow. If he tries anything funny, slit his throat immediately.ГўВҖВқ

It was only then that I realized one more thing.

Setting aside the gruesome command to slit my throat.

ГўВҖВңNakedГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Ah, I was bare-bodied right now.

Even though it was my Alternate Character, a wave of shame washed over me. I was just about to impale my neck on the dagger to force an unsummoning without revealing my identity.

ГўВҖВң...Wait! Miss Karlstein, don't kill him!ГўВҖВқ

Charlotte Amblot.

A member of Armin's expedition, and the only Mage among the current expedition members.

"...Huh?"

ГўВҖВңJust hold him like that! Just don't kill him!"

"Ah, okay! Got it!"

Charlotte rushed over and seemed to scan my body, pinned by Misha, before nodding.

ГўВҖВңIt is that item, as I thought. I recognized it because I've seen it used once before.ГўВҖВқ

"Huh? What item? Could you explain so I can understand?"

ГўВҖВңIf you look at his back, there's a ring you can pull, right? It's the effect of a Numbers Item that creates a clone-type summoned creature. And the reason that clone could come out of the Rift Viscount Yandel entered is.......ГўВҖВқ

Charlotte looked down at me, still pinned under Misha, and winked.

As if she had figured out my prank.

ГўВҖВңIt's you, isn't it, Viscount Yandel?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ you noticed?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEeeh? Th-th-this is Bjorn?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, now that you mention it, he does look a bit like when he consumed the Gachabon Essence!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEek? R-really?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHow about you release him first?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAah! Yikes! S-sorry! It didn't hurt much, did it.....?"

Startled by Charlotte's forced coming out, Misha let me go.

However, I could not get up.

I simply remained lying face down on the floor and asked Misha.

"The ring ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ."

"Huh?"

ГўВҖВңPlease, don't ask anything, just pull the ringГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, but you have to tell me why all of a suddenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

Misha, not understanding, did not immediately grant my request, at which Bear Uncle burst into laughter.

ГўВҖВңGo on, Misha. It looks like he's just embarrassed.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh? Ah......!!ГўВҖВқ

Misha finally seemed to understand and, startled, yanked the ring on my back, bringing the naked shame show to an end.

[Connection with the character has been terminated.]

When I opened my eyes again, my consciousness had returned to my main body in the treasure vault of Paradise Island.

I was standing in the same position, holding the doll.

ГўВҖВңAh.......ГўВҖВқ

Why did I go through the portal stark naked?

I was not usually such a careless person.

ГўВҖВҳCould it beГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ the Hans effect?ГўВҖВқ

A rational suspicion began to bloom, but I first prepared to go out.

Because in situations like this, showing any sign of embarrassment only made things more embarrassing.

ГўВҖВҳRight, it's not like I showed them my real body.ГўВҖВҷ

Without dragging it out any longer, I confidently went through the portal again to the Great Demon Realm where my companions were.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВңLooks like you were all having a meal! Anyway, sorry for making you wait so long!ГўВҖВқ

I greeted them naturally, as if nothing had happened.

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, was this a bit awkward?

ГўВҖВңThat thing from before was a new Numbers Item I got from defeating the Guardian, but don't be surprised! That's not all I got inside! Do you know what else I obtained?ГўВҖВқ

Giving no one a chance to interrupt, I took out all the 'spoils of war' I had obtained from my pocket dimension and laid them out on the floor.

Was this more interesting?

"Huh? What is all this......?"

ГўВҖВңBags? Why are there so many baГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount, what on earth were you doing in there?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDon't tell me...ГўВҖВқ

The incident that just occurred was erased from everyone's minds, and their attention focused on the new topic.

ГўВҖВңDon't worry! These are things I got from catching a raider who was up to no good inside!ГўВҖВқ

"Ooh! As expected, Bjorn is a great warrior!!"

ГўВҖВңNo, even so. What on earth happened for there to be this muchГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

They all looked curious, as if they could not understand how this much could be obtained from just catching a raider. I did not break the mood and recounted the stories of what happened inside.

"Haha! Yandel, a Rift where you appear as the Guardian! I almost feel sorry for that raider!ГўВҖВқ

"By the way, so the reason there's so much is because the raider harmed others and took their belongings.ГўВҖВқ

"You've made a good decision to return the victims' belongings to their families in the city. Then, we should start by sorting them.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen I'll check if there are any pocket dimensions.ГўВҖВқ

After the tale of Paradise Island was over, we all gathered to sort through the spoils.

And so, I thought the 'Outing Doll' incident had been forgotten from everyone's memory.

Yes, I was sure of it, but.

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

"Huh?"

Everyone was squatting and sorting, but for some reason, I could feel gazes from all around.

They were not staring openly, but more like glancing at me from time to time.

ГўВҖВңThatГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ» unlike the rumors, it was surprisinglyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yeah. It was.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYup, smaller than expected.ГўВҖВқ

As if triggered by someone's words, Misha shot to her feet.

ГўВҖВңE-everyone! What are you saying! Stop with the strange talk!! The summoned creature and the main body are completely different!ГўВҖВқ

A silence fell after Misha's sudden outburst.

ГўВҖВңHow would you know that, Miss Karlstein?ГўВҖВқ

A sharp point from Garton Cultner, the Supernatural Ability user from Armin's expedition.

ГўВҖВңTh-th-that... Huh? UghГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ."

It looked like she would self destruct if left alone.

So, before things became harder to handle, I quickly intervened in the conversation.

"In the past, using [Giant Form] would rip all my clothes. I had a few embarrassing incidents because of that.ГўВҖВқ

"Ah......."

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNow that you mention it, you two did say you've been explorers together for a very long time.ГўВҖВқ

The members nodded as if they understood.

And so that topic ended, and we once again focused on sorting the spoils.

ГўВҖВңAmblot, did anything turn up?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yes. I was going to tell you all at once later, but for now, I've found two pocket dimensions.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCan you open them right now?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, this isn't my area of expertise. I think we'll have to find a skilled magi-tech researcher when we get back to the city.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, if it's alright, could I take a look at that too?ГўВҖВқ

"At what?"

I tilted my head and asked, and Charlotte Amblot casually tried to say its true name.

ГўВҖВңThat thing you just got. Hans Ferret's.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOuting Doll.ГўВҖВқ

The timing was a little late, but I had to make it clear on this occasion.

"Pardon?"

ГўВҖВңThis is just the 'Outing Doll'. Understand?ГўВҖВқ

Its true name must never be spoken.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 884 ---

Chapter 884: Alternate Character (4)

As of today, a few official rules have been added to the Anabada Clan.

1. The name of item Number 666 is 'Outing Doll'.

Its name is neither longer nor shorter, and it has no relation whatsoever to anyone with the surname Ferret.

2. If someone points out that the name you mentioned is incorrect, or tries to speak the name of someone with the surname Ferret, you are to leave the vicinity at once.

It is also advisable to cover your ears.

You must never exchange another word with them.

3. If by any chance you fail to follow rule number 2 and hear the incorrect name of the 'Outing Doll', you must immediately inform Captain Bjorn Yandel of the fact.

However, at this time, you must absolutely not say the incorrect name.

Remember.

The only correct name for item Number 666 is 'Outing Doll'...

ГўВҖВңWhy did you stop reading?ГўВҖВқ

At my question, Armin gave me a look that said, ГўВҖВҳDo you really have to ask?ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВң... Are you truly planning to add this to the regulations?ГўВҖВқ

Of course.

ThatГўВҖВҷs why I asked you to organize these contents into something that sounds fitting for a document.

Well, the official edits on the system will have to wait until weГўВҖВҷre out of the city.

ГўВҖВңIs there a problem?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI understand about the jinx. I also have no intention of dismissing it as mere superstition. However, the clan's internal regulations are not a matter to be treated lightly as a joke.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat part of this is a joke?ГўВҖВқ

I genuinely didn't understand, so I had no choice but to ask back.

Anyone else, I might understand, but he even went through it with us.

Right after meeting that cursed existence, the Lord of Tears popped out, and we had such a hard time.

ГўВҖВң... It seems I won't be able to get through to you.ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps reading the determination in my eyes, Armin let out a deep sigh and turned his gaze to Ainar and Misha.

He seemed to be hoping that since they were only temporary members, the two official members would say something on his behalf...

ГўВҖВңAh, ahahaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Misha just laughed awkwardly upon receiving his look.

It wasn't that she didn't know what Armin's gaze meant.

ГўВҖВңWell, isn't something like this fine... We're not some massive clan with hundreds of members.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe future cannot be known for certain, Lady Karlstein.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs true. But if weГўВҖВҷre talking about that kind of future, this isnГўВҖВҷt really a problemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҰ Mr. Armin, you havenГўВҖВҷt read the regulations, have you? If you had, thereГўВҖВҷs no way you wouldnГўВҖВҷt remember. The rule that says ГўВҖВҳThe Captain's vote is equal to the total number of clan membersГўВҖВҷ...ГўВҖВқ

At MishaГўВҖВҷs explanation, Armin wore an expression that was literally a ГўВҖВҳ?ГўВҖВҷ, and Ainar burst into laughter looking at him.

ГўВҖВңWhy are you surprised! It's a perfectly natural rule, since Bjorn is a great warrior! How could the weight of such a warrior's words be equal to that of a mere clan member!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ Miss Fenelin, arenГўВҖВҷt you also a regular memberГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, me? I'm a Barbarian, so it's fine!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBesides, I don't really have any opinions anyway!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, yesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

And so, the issue of the regulations ended with Armin and the members of his expedition team, who had followed him, wearing looks of serious contemplation about whether they should really be joining this clan.

Since the sorting of the spoils, excluding the pocket dimension, was also finished, we resumed the journey that had been halted when I entered the Rift.

Crack, crunch!

There were no particular incidents during our journey through the Fifth Floor.

Our stats were not at a level where we would struggle in a place like this.

That's why when I went into the Rift, they were able to relax as if they were on vacation, making soup and playing card games.

KWWAAAAAANG-!

All we had to do was smash any monsters that obstructed our exploration on sight and move on.

In reality, 99% of the Fifth Floor exploration was not combat, but idle chatter.

ГўВҖВңArmin, do you happen to know anything about the Raider's Guild or similar groups?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Raider's Guild, you say?ГўВҖВқ

Armin seemed to have no knowledge of it, but I thought he might remember something if he heard more, so I shared the information I had obtained inside.

That I learned of a group like the Raider's Guild during an interrogation.

That they had borrowed the Rift Generator by paying a price to someone belonging to that group, and so on.

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷm not quite sure.ГўВҖВқ

Even after hearing the whole story, Armin simply said that, but a clue came from a completely unexpected source.

ГўВҖВңHmm, that might be the story of the ГўВҖВҳBlack WolfГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

The Bear Uncle, who had been listening quietly from the side, threw out the remark.

ГўВҖВңBlack Wolf? WhatГўВҖВҷs that? Tell me in detail.ГўВҖВқ

When I asked back, my eyes shining, the Bear Uncle seemed a bit burdened and started his explanation after adding a disclaimer like, ГўВҖВҳI donГўВҖВҷt know much about it eitherГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңYou know, my wife and I run a tavern in the city. We can't help but have a wide, shallow network of relationships, and because of that, we end up hearing all sorts of stories whether we want to or notГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI get it, just the main points.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe beginning of the Black Wolf was a tavern. Originally, it was just a place where unsavory types often gathered, but at some point, illegal requests and such started being posted on the bulletin board, and it completely changed.ГўВҖВқ

The name of the tavern was ГўВҖВҳBlack WolfГўВҖВҷ.

Of course, though it was called a tavern, it was a proper community of the underworld.

Dark explorers who were tired of hunting monsters and earnestly mining magic stones would find teams or take requests there.

It got so bad that among themselves, they even started calling the tavern the 'Guild' in slang...

ГўВҖВңThey say its scale really started to grow after Noark disappeared."

"Criminals who couldnГўВҖВҷt be on the surface would usually seek the underground, but since that path was blocked, they needed another group."

"It was also a time when the Royal Family was distracted by Noark and couldn't pay them any attention.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ ThatГўВҖВҷs strange. That period should have included the time when the Labyrinth was closed.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOn the contrary, that made it better. It was a time when explorers had no way to make money. Even I fell into a pile of debt during that period.ГўВҖВқ

The Bear Uncle continued with a bitter tone.

ГўВҖВңWhat wonГўВҖВҷt an explorer in need of money do?ГўВҖВқ

Historically speaking, no one could deny the Bear UncleГўВҖВҷs words.

Just look at Earth's Middle Ages.

Mercenaries who were paid to take down bandits would turn to banditry themselves when they were out of work.

Isn't that the age of barbarians?

Of course, Rafdonia was a much more convenient and developed world than the primitive Middle Ages, but it was still plenty barbaric.

ГўВҖВңAnd you're a big reason it turned out this way, Bjorn Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSuddenly?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThose kinds of people would normally flow into the ГўВҖВҳBlack Market,ГўВҖВҷ but youГўВҖВҷre the one who smashed the Black Market, weren't you?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Anyway.

Thus, the tavern called ГўВҖВҳBlack WolfГўВҖВҷ grew from a symbolic place into a massive organization.

Using the power of explorers, they gradually took control of the back alleys, and with the money they swept up, they supposedly built over a hundred branches throughout the city.

ГўВҖВңWhoГўВҖВҷs the owner of the Black Wolf?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, there are many speculations about that part. ItГўВҖВҷs because everyone who knew the guy who originally ran the tavern said the same thing."

"That he was never capable of such a thing. Besides, at some point, he vanished without a traceГўВҖВҰ The prevailing theory is that heГўВҖВҷs long dead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMaster, Manager, Dog OwnerГўВҖВҰ There are many titles for him, but almost no one knows exactly who he is. There's only a lot of speculation. The most plausible theory is that the ГўВҖВҳShadow Merchant GuildГўВҖВҷ is behind the Black Wolf.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Shadow Merchant Guild? The big shot that controlled the Black Market! Is that really true?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, as I said before, itГўВҖВҷs just speculation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut the methods are certainly similar. I heard the Black Market also had hundreds of entrances scattered throughout the city.ГўВҖВқ

Perhaps because the story the Bear Uncle brought up was such an interesting topic.

Afterward, all sorts of speculations arose among my companions, bringing life to the boring exploration.

However, I took a step back from the bustling atmosphere and took a moment to think quietly.

'Mel Asmond.'

The master of the Shadow Merchant Guild who ran the Black Market.

He didn't sharpen his blade of revenge against me, who had rashly barged into the Black Market and destroyed everything.

He simply gave me everything I wanted without a fuss.

Of course, that didn't mean he felt like a pushoverГўВҖВҰ

[Heroes always have short lives.

ThereГўВҖВҷs no reason for us to take the falling blade.]

He was a thoroughly realistic bastard.

'I never saw him again after that, but he was quite an impressive fellowГўВҖВҰ'

Maybe IГўВҖВҷll see him again soon.

***

For explorers, the Sixth Floor is a very meaningful level.

ItГўВҖВҷs the first floor where they can experience natural light after living a life with strained eyes, relying on things like torches in the dark Labyrinth.

Ah, and the fresh air is a bonus.

The beaming sunlight.

The blowing wind.

And even the peaceful sound of waves.

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰ Now I feel like I can live!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe were definitely on the Fifth Floor for too long.ГўВҖВқ

Day 30 of entering the Labyrinth.

With only about 20 hours left until the Fifth Floor closed.

We finally reached the Sixth Floor.

It was because I had spent so much time on Paradise Island.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Even though the Sixth Floor was more comfortable than any other, a stifling feeling made me sigh.

ГўВҖВңYou said you would continue with the original exploration plan, correct?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes.ГўВҖВқ

For now, the exploration plan is the same as when we made it in the city.

The problem, of course, is that while the basic framework is the same, the schedule we had when planning is completely off.

'The plan has gone quite awry.'

The time wasted mining Nameless Fragments on the Third Floor was within a manageable range, but the time wasted on Paradise Island was decisive.

According to the original plan, we should have arrived on this island by day 20 at the latest.

'The time we can operate in the Great Sea from now on is exactly 30 daysГўВҖВҰ'

What can we even accomplish in that time?

ГўВҖВңBjorn, cheer up! We got a good item this time, didnГўВҖВҷt we!ГўВҖВқ

Misha, sensing my gloomy mood, approached to encourage me.

I appreciated the comfort, but the content was a bit vague.

ГўВҖВңA good itemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

In truth, it was an item with many ominous aspects to be simply happy about.

Putting the number aside, the name itself was a problem.

Well, aside from the ominous points, I couldn't deny that it would be a great help to me, who was aiming for the Underground First Floor.

ГўВҖВңBjorn! So where are we going now!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmph! Stop bothering Bjorn! YouГўВҖВҷll just forget again even if he tells you!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut IГўВҖВҷm curious right now!ГўВҖВқ

As I was organizing my thoughts for a moment, Misha and Ainar started bickering next to me.

ГўВҖВңHurry up and tell me!! I have a right to knowГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA right? Where on earth did you learn a word likeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Before it got any louder, I quickly intervened.

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs enough, Misha.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? But she keeps bothering meГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs why IГўВҖВҷm telling you to stop.ГўВҖВқ

Tsk, this Misha, weГўВҖВҷve spent so much time together, and she still doesnГўВҖВҷt know how to handle Ainar?

In times like these, the secret to having the least trouble is to just give her the answer she wants.

ГўВҖВңAinar, we are going to find the hidden island on the Sixth Floor.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOoh!! Is that really true!! Amazing!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut where is that hidden island?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... We have to start looking for it now. ItГўВҖВҷs a hidden island, just as the name implies.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, thatГўВҖВҷs true too! As expected, Bjorn is a wise warrior!ГўВҖВқ

I gently ignored AinarГўВҖВҷs exclamation of admiration and headed towards the coast where we could launch the ship.

Ah, of course, I didn't rush in a hurry.

If you're 10 minutes late for an appointment, it's right to run, but if you're 10 hours late, there's no point in running.

It's a similar principle.

'HooГўВҖВҰ I guess I'll have to be satisfied with just gathering information on this expedition.'

That was also the reason for my gloominess.

How could we find an island while wandering this vast Great Sea for just 30 days, and even if we found it, could we even explore it properly?

And thatГўВҖВҷs with other explorers searching for it with fire in their eyes.

ГўВҖВңSomething is strange.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHm?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFor some reason, there are many people left on the island for this time of year.ГўВҖВқ

Hearing Armin's words, I finally looked around and saw explorers staring our way.

Hmm, or should I say they were looking at me?

It wasn't strange.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like it was the first or second day IГўВҖВҷve been famous.

ГўВҖВңThere are certainly a lot of them. Why?ГўВҖВқ

Once the curiosity arose, there was no need to rack my brain.

I picked the man with the most hair loss among those staring at me and quickly approached him.

ГўВҖВңHey, friend.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңM-me? Why are you calling meГўВҖВҰ! I didn't say anything!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYour words are informal for a noble?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-I apologize! You called me friend, so I misspoke. What can I do for you?ГўВҖВқ

I couldnГўВҖВҷt tell if this type of person was clueless or had at least a minimum of sense.

I didn't know, but it wasn't important.

Satisfying my curiosity came first, so I didn't bother with trifles and asked.

ГўВҖВңWhy are so many explorers gathered here? Did something happen?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon? You donГўВҖВҷt know?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf I knew, I wouldnГўВҖВҷt be asking, would I?ГўВҖВқ

As I said that and placed a hand on his shoulder in encouragement, the man quickly pointed in the direction of the coast.

ГўВҖВңAn island!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe new island that appeared has been discovered right here in the sea in front of us!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

I hurriedly led my companions to the coast in the direction the man pointed, and I could see dozens of ships floating on the sea ahead.

Each ship, belonging to a different group, was surrounding a single unknown island at a certain distanceГўВҖВҰ

'Oh! This is great! To find the hidden island already, Bjorn is truly amazing!!'

ГўВҖВңI know, right? What a relief! This way, we donГўВҖВҷt have to waste time searching!ГўВҖВқ

Honestly, I was more bewildered than happy.

An island I had never seen before had just popped up in the middle of an empty sea, so there was no room for doubtГўВҖВҰ

And yet, it just didn't feel real.

'Is that really the hidden island?'

What kind of lazy patch is this?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 885 ---

Chapter 885: Alternate Character (5)

The first comers and the latecomers.

If I had to choose between the two, I would always choose the former, but it's not like the latter has no advantages.

Therefore, having arrived late on the Sixth Floor, we decided to enjoy the advantages of being latecomers instead of impatiently following the first group.

Ah, that is to say, we gathered information first.

Information that could be obtained in advance through the first group.

The trial and error that could be reduced as a result.

These are the advantages of being a latecomer.

To utilize that advantage, I asked various questions to the man I first spoke to, but I didn't get much information in the end.

They were in the same boat as us.

ГўВҖВңEveryone gathered on this island arrived late, just like usГўВҖВҰ.ГўВҖВқ

Including the man before me, those remaining on the island were latecomers, just like us.

ГўВҖВңThen those guys with their ships out there must be the ones who arrived first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, that's right. They are proceeding with the island's conquest with their ships anchored near it.ГўВҖВқ

I didn't bother asking why they were just sitting here twiddling their thumbs and watching.

Because there's an old tradition in the Explorer business.

ГўВҖВңThe ones who arrived first have banded together, claiming the right to explore that island, and are completely blocking access to other explorers!"

"I heard arrows and magic fly if you get even a little close!ГўВҖВқ

Kicking down the ladder.

That must be why this fellow suddenly started speaking so passionately.

Because I might just become their new ladder.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңAren't they truly absurd? The very reason that island appeared in the Great Sea is all thanks to your, Viscount's, achievement. Who do they think they are to dare discuss exploration rights?ГўВҖВқ

This is like a rabbit calling a tiger to chase away a fox.

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs enough. Just tell me the rest of what you know.ГўВҖВқ

At my question, the man, hoping for some scraps, confessed everything he knew in great detail.

ГўВҖВңThere's a translucent barrier around the newly appeared island! The moment you cross it, you become invisible from the outside!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFrom our observations from the island, many have gone over to the other side, but not a single one has returned yet!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs why those guys just have their ships floating out in front! It's partly to block us, but it's also because not a single person they sent in the first group has returned!ГўВҖВқ

He spoke at length, but unfortunately, there was no particularly useful information.

It wasn't something I couldn't understand.

What could I expect from the information of latecomers who only watched from afar, twiddling their thumbs?

ГўВҖВңI see. Thank you for telling me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, don't mention it! It's an honor for my family just to have been of help to you, ViscountГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, that's a relief then. We'll be on our way now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

As I started to move toward the shore to launch our ship, the man who had played the role of the explanation fairy wore a dumbfounded expression.

It was a little funny.

What on earth did he expect?

I'm a proper Explorer myself.

Did he think I would take the lead and reform that unfair system?

If so, I'm sorry, but I have no intention of doing so.

Not only do I not think of that as an unfair system in the first placeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIf they're just staying here, they'd probably just get themselves killed if they went anyway.ГўВҖВҷ

They need to understand.

No matter that it appeared at the Sixth Floor's starting point, that island unequivocally appeared through an event related to the Lord of Tears.

Naturally, the difficulty is likely to be substantial.

Chwaaaaa!

I soon went to the shore, summoned a ship, and handed the helm to the navigator.

As he was a person hired solely for this purpose, the time had finally come for him to earn his keep.

With things turning out this way, it felt a little anticlimactic.

I didn't hire him to go out to sea less than three kilometers away.

ГўВҖВңOh, this is an excellent ship. With this, there's no sea in the Great Sea we couldn't go.ГўВҖВқ

The navigator admired the high-quality ship and seemed to be grasping its structure for a moment before expertly steering it.

Watching him, the previous navigator, Auyen, suddenly came to mind, and various thoughts followed.

ГўВҖВҳI wonder if they're okay.ГўВҖВҷ

The main ship that served as our legs on the Sixth Floor is engraved to me.

In other words, our clan members who branched off to the Underground First Floor must be relying only on the small ship Auyen has.

Considering the terror of the Underground First Floor, it's highly likely they can't even get around properly with that ship.

Swishhhhh!

The ship advanced through the peaceful and calm sea in front of the Island of Beginnings.

Dozens of ships, anchored and stationary, quickly drew closer, but it didn't turn out like the latecomers who had their ladder kicked down had said.

ГўВҖВңHmm, they aren't firing arrows and magic right away. And we haven't even raised a clan flag.ГўВҖВқ

At Armin's murmur, the Bear Uncle, who was well-versed in the ways of explorers, chuckled.

ГўВҖВңOf course. There's no way some idiot would recklessly attack a ship of this caliber.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat makes sense.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, they won't just stand by either. The time for observing is over, and it's about time some fool tries to test the waters...?ГўВҖВқ

It was just as the Bear Uncle finished speaking.

One of the ships relatively close to our path began to move and approach us.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Shwaaaak-!

It stopped a short distance away and waved a flag.

ГўВҖВңIt means they're going to hail us, and we should receive it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңReceive it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo do that, I'll need a mage's help....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңCharlotte Amblot will help you.ГўВҖВқ

Soon, the navigator, with the mage's help, operated a device on the ship, and before long, communication with the other ship was established.

[Ah, ah, please halt your voyage and identify yourselves.]

Hmm, going straight to an inspection.

They didn't even reveal their own affiliation.

ГўВҖВңWhat should I say?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңGive it here.ГўВҖВқ

I took the communication device and spoke directly.

[This is Bjorn Yandel of the Anabada Clan.

Who are you?]

[I ask again, who are you to dare stop a noble's ship and conduct an inspection? Have you been granted authority over this sea by the Guild or His Majesty the King?]

The other end of the communication device was dead silent.

It seemed they were hastily discussing whether I was the real Bjorn Yandel or not.

Perhaps their discussion about my authenticity had ended.

[We were rude because there was no recognizable insignia on your ship.]

At some point, the voice on the other end had also changed.

Someone with a higher rank must have taken over.

[That's not an answer to my question. I ask again. Who are you?]

[... We are the Raghart Clan. And I am the captainГўВҖВ”.]

[A clan I've never heard of. Have you been granted authority over this sea by the Guild or His Majesty the King?]

[... We have not.]

[Hmm, and yet you fearlessly try to stop a noble's ship for an inspection.

You must be some suspicious characters.]

[Th-that's]

The voice on the other end sounded incredibly wronged.

Well, I understand how he feels.

If only we had properly raised a flag on our ship, this wouldn't have happened.

[I'm going to pull our ship alongside yours, so stay put. If you move, I will consider it an attempt to flee and respond accordingly.]

[... We will comply.]

After that, things went smoothly.

After bringing our ship alongside, we crossed the decks and occupied their ship.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңTh-the real Bjorn Yandel...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, the real Bjorn Yandel. But your speech is quite informal, isn't it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI-I'm sorry!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhether I accept your apology or not will depend on how sincerely you answer.ГўВҖВқ

Having swiftly established the power dynamic, I began the interrogation in earnest.

ГўВҖВңTell me everything you know about that island.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, you mean Twin Islands?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt seems it's already been given a name?ГўВҖВқ

The captain of Raghart, or whatever his name was, wore a look as if he'd been struck by lightning, but he soon resigned himself to his fate and spilled everything they had found out about the Twin Islands.

It was information the first comers had barely obtained through trial and error among themselves, after kicking down the ladder.

***

Not a single person who entered the island has returned.

That's why so many clans and teams can't rashly enter and are at a loss for what to do.

ГўВҖВҰThis speculation from the latecomers was all wrong.

On the front lines, invisible to their eyes, the 'Twin Islands' were being conquered with great intensity.

ГўВҖВңFirst, quite a few have returned alive. In our clan alone, there were five.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFive people... a very ambiguous number, isn't it? You must have sent six in if you could. Did one die?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUm, I'm not sure if I should say they died, or the opposite....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe opposite? What do you mean by that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAccording to our speculation, if you die over there, you don't really die. You're simply ejected outside."

"The five who returned alive also suddenly appeared in the empty sea, and we fished them out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd if that speculation is correct, it means the one who hasn't returned didn't die but survived and is still in the middle of conquering the island.ГўВҖВқ

An island where you don't die even if you dieГўВҖВҰ

If their speculation is correct, it's very peculiar.

ГўВҖВңThen, since five people have returned, you must have found out quite a bit about the island?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat... is actually not the case. For some reason, the companions who returned alive can't remember anything that happened inside....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo spare your life even if you lose your memories and fail the conquest. It's a more merciful island than I thought.ГўВҖВқ

At Armin's mutter, what's-his-name made a bitter expression.

ГўВҖВңIt's not just memories you lose. You lose all the equipment you had as well.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? The equipment...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. Those who returned were all naked."

"We don't have engraved pocket dimensions, so we wouldn't know, but according to another clan we're friendly with, their pocket dimensions were completely empty when they came out.ГўВҖВқ

Oh, this is crazy.

It cleans out even your pocket dimension?

Should I call this more vicious than any dungeon, or should I call it gentlemanly since it spares your life?

ГўВҖВңAnd finallyГўВҖВҰ a person who fails and returns cannot challenge the island again.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey can't cross the transparent barrier, and they can't even see the island beyond it. Everyone has differing opinions on whether it will be possible on the next expedition.ГўВҖВқ

To summarize, the risks of failure are the memories of the conquest, your belongings, and the chance to challenge it again.

Not losing your life is a merit, but it's not a place you can just challenge thoughtlessly.

ГўВҖВҳYou don't lose your life even if you fail.ГўВҖВҷ

Interpreting this in the Dungeon & Stone way, it means the island has such absurd gimmicks and difficulty that such an advantage is necessary.

ГўВҖВңI don't know about the other clans, but this is all we've found out... Is this enough of an apology for our rudeness earlier...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's still not enough.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

At my firm answer, what's-his-name tilted his head.

He seemed to think it was the right timing to say okay and move on, given the atmosphere.

But how could I just let it go like this?

ГўВҖВңYou, you know something more, don't you.ГўВҖВқ

I said it as if I knew something, but in reality, I didn't.

It was just a feeling of testing the waters one last time.

But surprisingly, this had a pretty good success rate.

Well, it seems not this time, though.

ГўВҖВңHuh...?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA dud, I guess.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI really told you everything I knowГўВҖВ”ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI understand. You can go now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUh... this is our ship....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, right.ГўВҖВқ

At that point, I ended the conversation with what's-his-name and returned to my ship.

It seems I gained more than I thought, but looking at it piece by piece, it's all rather ambiguous.

It's a feeling of being full on empty calories, so to speak.

I only heard about what happens when you fail; there was no information that would help in succeeding.

Well, given the situation, that must be why they're just waiting here.

ГўВҖВңFrom what I heard, it doesn't seem to be an ordinary island. What will you do, will you send a vanguard like them?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf we're going in anyway, wouldn't it be better for all of us to go in together?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHey, still, someone has to stay behind. To prepare for failure, we should take as few belongings as possible. We have to guard the ship.ГўВҖВқ

Right after returning to the ship, the members offered their own opinions, but in the end, the decision was mine.

ГўВҖВңWe'll do it by sending a vanguard.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, then the composition of the vanguard will be.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorn Yandel.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Captain is going as the vanguard... Then the person to assist you will be importantГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

Assist? What assist.

ГўВҖВңThat's it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'm entering the island alone.ГўВҖВқ

Saying that, I took out the doll I had tucked away deep in my pocket dimension to avoid skin contact as much as possible.

ГўВҖВҳThings are turning out quite well.ГўВҖВҷ

I never thought the moment to use my alternate character would come so soon.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 886 ---

Chapter 886: The Twins (1)

Shhk, shhk.

I put on my armor.

It wasn't the sturdy plate armor that made one feel cozy just by wearing it, but a light leather armor.

'Somehow, it feels unfamiliar.'

I slung a bag over my back.

A sturdy bag made of quality leather.

A common bag with no enchantments, capable of holding only as much as its volume allowed.

I filled the bag with various useful consumables, but I didn't pack anything particularly expensive.

Just the kind of setup a well-prepared Third Floor Explorer would have.

Leather boots on my feet.

Three mid-grade potions on my belt.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"I don't like swords. I'll take this."

Instead of the longsword my companions recommended, I picked up a mace and rose from my seat.

Of course, though I called it a mace, it wasn't one of those monstrous and hideous weapons used by the blunt weapon warriors of the upper floors.

It was shaped like a club, with only the end being a bit blunt.

Whoosh, whoosh.

Swinging it in the air a few times, it didn't feel too bad to use.

"How is it? Is it uncomfortable to move in?"

"Ah, it's perfect. Leather armor is pretty good in its own way."

After also grabbing a wooden round shield, a compromise made considering the weight, I stood before the mirror and saw a rather sharp-looking figure.

The very image of a Lv1 Warrior, so to speak.

It felt like I could shatter a Goblin's head the moment I smashed it.

Ah, of course, it would be difficult against a Death Fiend.

"I'm ready."

"Ah, thank you."

Following Armin out onto the deck, I saw a single rowboat hanging from a pulley.

As I got on, the pulley's rope moved, lowering the rowboat to the sea.

After it fully touched the water's surface, the rope was untied, and I began to row.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Splash, splash!

Leaving my companions behind and heading into the rough terrain alone in the rowboat, I felt a little tense.

I had spoken confidently, but now that I was trying to move a body whose shoulders ached just from rowing, my confidence was dwindling.

How well could I perform the role of a vanguard with this body?

"Captain, please be careful on your journey!"

"Don't worry! We'll take good care of Bjorn!"

Hearing my companions' cheers from afar, I let out a small laugh.

Right, what's with the lack of confidence before I've even started?

At worst, all I'd lose is the reuse time for the Outing Doll and a few cheap pieces of equipment I got from Paradise Island.

Splash, splash!

The rowboat carrying the Lv1 Warrior cut through the waters of the Sixth Floor's Great Sea.

'It's a bit much to call out the name of the Ancestral Spirit with this body, soГўВҖВҰ'

Remembering the backstory I'd given my alternate character, I slowly made the Sign of the Cross.

"The Star at Twilight shall guide usГўВҖВҰ was that it?"

Well, I'll get used to this if I use my alternate character often enough.

After all, our Lv1 Human Warrior, Peter, is a devout believer who grew up in the Reatlas Orphanage.

He entered this Labyrinth with the grand ambition of gaining the strength to eliminate all raiders and heretics.

It was while rowing and reminding myself of the backstory one more time.

Shhk.

The moment I felt a chill, as if I had passed through a Portal.

The character has entered a Special Zone.

Field Effect - Twin Sea is now active.

Somehow, the island that was in front of me had disappeared.

***

The destination was the Twin Islands.

But at some point, the island had vanished like a mirage.

No, it wasn't just the Twin Islands that had disappeared.

'The ships that were around are all gone too.'

It was very different from what I had expected right from the start, but I maintained my composure as much as possible and calmly analyzed the situation.

Just because I was in the body of a Lv1 Warrior didn't mean the judgment of Veteran Player Lee Hansoo had vanished.

Of course, my heart was still pounding fiercely.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!!

An unknown space with no information.

But it wasn't an unfamiliar situation.

Now, there were few things I didn't know in [Dungeon & Stone], but it hadn't been like that from the beginning.

Seventh Floor, Eighth Floor, Ninth Floor, Tenth Floor...

The game had so few players that there was hardly any proper information, so each floor was an unknown place, and I had cleared away the darkness of the unknown by throwing myself at it head-on.

It was just that there were still parts I hadn't managed to uncover.

Yes, that was all.

'Seeing as the ships have disappeared, I must have entered beyond the field, butГўВҖВҰ'

The problem was that the destination island had also disappeared.

So, what on earth happened?

'The island I saw from afar wasn't the main map itself, I suppose.'

Perhaps the Twin Islands seen from the outside merely served as an 'entrance'.

Approaching the island would grant entry, and then one would have to explore a vast space like a 'Rift'.

'So, only the Twin Islands disappeared, and the rest is the sameГўВҖВҰ?'

Looking around, I saw an island in the far distance.

The Island of Beginnings - Rymia.

However, before turning the prow in earnest, I thought it over one more time.

After all, there were predecessors who had come before.

They were predecessors with much better stats than Peter, the Lv1 Human Warrior.

But would it have been any different for them?

One hundred out of one hundred would have headed for Rymia, and ninety-nine out of a hundred were kicked out naked with their memories erased.

'In other words, there's something dangerous on that islandГўВҖВҰ'

Thinking about it that way, it was a truly malicious gimmick.

The original Rymia Island was a Safe Zone where no monsters appeared.

The perception that the island was safe was bound to be ingrained in one's mind.

'Since I came here to throw myself at it, it's right to move in a way that gathers as much information as possible, but...'

Still, my worries deepened.

If Peter were at least Lv 5, I might have gone to Rymia, but at Lv 1, it felt a bit burdensome.

There was a high probability I would meet a dead end before finding out anything on that island.

'Do I go for it, or do I find another route?'

Without wasting much time, I made a quick decision.

'First, let's look for another route.'

Yes, this was more efficient.

It wouldn't be too late to go to Rymia Island after that.

Splash, splash-!

Having made my decision, I rowed the oars and set out across the vast sea.

My destination was Parune Island, located to the west of Rymia Island.

Since it was an island close enough to be seen with the naked eye from the top of Rymia Island, it was safe to say it was the only other route I could choose at the moment.

It would take days of rowing in this rowboat to reach any other island.

'And it's uncertain if I can even find my way properly with just a compass.'

Of course, that didn't mean Parune Island was an easy place.

Putting aside the monsters that appeared there.

It was also true that it was quite far to row to in this tiny rowboat.

'Still, I'll get there eventuallyГўВҖВҰ'

The first step is always the most daunting before you take it.

I earnestly turned the prow and started rowing.

The body of Lv 1 Peter was so weak that just a few hours of rowing left him drenched in sweat, but I never let go of the oars.

In times like these, a positive mindset is most important.

Yes, in terms of time, it was better than digging a tunnel for over ten days.

In terms of danger, it couldn't compare to battles with monsters, and there wasn't even the pain that came from negative Pain Resistance.

Splash, splash!

To be honest, it was very, very hard.

But that was a good thing.

It meant there were fewer competitors who chose this route, right? They would have all come in on a boat as small as mine.

'One hundred out of a hundred would have just gone to Rymia Island.'

With such positive thoughts, I headed toward my destination in the slow, turtle-like rowboat.

All the while, I periodically checked Rymia Island to reset my direction, and I didn't just mindlessly row.

I consumed enough food and water to not collapse from exhaustion, and when my body reached its limit, I also took rests.

And as a resultГўВҖВҰ

'It took a little over 12 hours.'

I arrived at my destination, Parune Island, only after the dark night had fallen.

However, instead of entering the island right away, I dropped a makeshift anchor near the coast and waited until morning.

Parune Island was where insect-type monsters appeared.

Exploring at night with a torch would make me an easy target.

"Agh, my back..."

After spending a night on the rowboat, my whole body was sore when I woke up.

The muscle aches from rowing were one thing, but the sleeping arrangement itself was the problem.

If it were Bjorn Yandel's body, I would have woken up feeling refreshed even if I had slept on a bed of fire.

Being Lv 1 is really inconvenient in these small ways.

Splash, splash-

My body's condition wasn't great, but since morning had dawned, I cautiously approached the shore and moored the boat as planned.

But was it because the mace and shield were still unfamiliar in my hands?

Thump!!

The tension grew as I entered the island.

Parune Island was a field where only monsters of Eighth Rank or lower appeared, but it was still a threatening hunting ground for Lv 1 Peter.

Rustle, rustle-

Thanks to being fully focused, I was able to detect the presence behind me in time, and I hurriedly took a stance and turned around.

And at that moment.

Pounce-!

A crayfish-like monster the size of a large dog, which had been stealthily moving across the sandy beach, jumped and charged at me.

Sturep.

The lowest-level monster of the Ninth Rank, the same rank as a Goblin.

No matter how low my level had become, the battle itself wasn't difficult because of my experience.

Clack!

After blocking its outstretched pincer with my round shield, I smashed the top of its head between its eyes with the mace...

Crack!

As I crushed it with all my might, the Sturep vanished into light.

You have defeated a Sturep.

EXP +1

...

Why on earth does this feel so satisfying?

I didn't know, but surprisingly, an Essence appeared where the Sturep that had vanished into light had been.

"Huh."

Well, is this some kind of beginner welcome event?

I hadn't expected an Essence to drop from the first monster I killed with my alternate character, but I completely ignored it and only took the Magic Stone to commemorate the moment.

"Are you trying to turn me into some crappy build?"

I had to choose the Essences my alternate character would consume carefully.

This body couldn't undergo essence removal at the Temple.

'Should I keep going for now?'

The afterglow of my first battle with my alternate character lingered slightly, but I had to explore as much as possible before nightfall, so I hurriedly resumed my pace.

Leaving the coastline, into a jungle-like forest.

As I walked straight ahead, bugs the size of a human head flew at me.

An Eighth-Rank insect-type monster, Krungbee.

But these guys weren't a problem either.

Peter might be level 1, but his equipment was at least Third Floor level.

Buzzzzzzzzz!

Their poison stings couldn't penetrate my leather armor.

So, the only place I needed to be careful of was my face.

Thud!

I just had to mind the ones aiming for my face, pushing them away with my shield.

Fwoosh!!

Using a scroll I had prepared in advance, I applied a fire enchantment to my club.

Whoooooosh~!

With the mindset that I'd hit at least one of them, I swung it around haphazardly.

I got hit by a few poison stings in the process, butГўВҖВҰ

I could just take an antidote after the battle was over.

You have defeated a Krungbee.

EXP +2

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a KrungГўВҖВҰ

After about 15 minutes of such brawling, the swarm of Krungbee was annihilated.

But what was this?

Whoooooosh~!

From among the corpses of the Krungbee that had vanished into light, a brilliantly colored orb rose up.

'Another Essence dropped?'

Well, I did kill a lot of them this time, but...

Even so.

'Could it beГўВҖВҰ am I just lucky?'

Of course, I didn't consume the Essence, and this time, I coolly passed on the Magic Stone as well.

One commemorative Magic Stone was enough.

Unnecessarily increasing my load would only reduce the space in my bag.

"Let's keep going."

Having successfully finished the battle with the Krungbee, I resumed my exploration without any further hesitation.

In the process, I encountered several more swarms of Krungbee, butГўВҖВҰ

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a KrungГўВҖВҰ

Contrary to my worries, it was more manageable than I thought.

As I gained know-how, the battle time, which was initially 15 minutes, gradually shortened.

"Ah ah, even Eighth Rank monsters are no match for meГўВҖВҰ"

It was when my confidence was gradually building.

Thud.

As I was making my way through the jungle, I froze on the spot.

"Damn it."

No wonder my luck had been so good.

***

The Siren has cast [Coral Net].

***

There was no time to do anything.

The moment I encountered a Siren while walking through the jungle, a widely spread net was thrown at me, and I was slammed to the ground.

I struggled to break free somehow, but it was futile.

The more I struggled, the tighter the nets entangling my limbs became.

""

The tough yet slippery [Coral Net] couldn't be broken with a blunt club, and even the dagger I hastily pulled from my waist couldn't leave a scratch on it.

It was only natural.

A Siren was a Fifth Rank monster.

There was no way a level 1 Warrior could break free from a Fifth Rank skill.

"Ha..."

Still, it felt a bit unfair.

The Siren was a monster that only appeared on Parune Island when you did the offering event.

"No, alrightГўВҖВҰ to be honest, I did think it could appear."

But still, this timing was not right.

Just when I was starting to enjoy raising my alternate character.

"Agh, I should have just gone to Rymia Island."

Regret washed over me belatedly.

This wasn't the end I had worked so hard rowing for.

'So, in the end, it's game over without finding out anything usefulГўВҖВҰ'

It left a bitter taste in my mouth, but I decided to just accept reality.

Right, at least I found out that the island disappears when you enter.

For a level 1 Warrior, that's having done all one could.

Well, there was still the fundamental question of whether this field's gimmick would also apply to the Outing Doll and erase my memories.

[What on earth are you saying, Imperial.]

Huh?

[How dare you break the treaty and invade the island? Don't even think about dying peacefully until you've confessed all the evil plans you hold in your heart.]

What is this?

I was a bit flustered.

'Why have so many monsters started talking lately?'

Actually, it was no longer something to be so startled and surprised about.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 887 ---

Chapter 887: The Twins (2)

Resistance was futile.

Of course it was.

There's a limit to what experience or gear can cover.

How was a Level 1 supposed to take down a Fifth Rank monster?

Now, if they had tried to kill me without a word, like any other monster, I would have at least tried to fight back...

'But they can talk...'

For some reason, the Siren was speaking the Ancient Language, and I understood it perfectly.

'I didn't know the language pack would apply to my Alternate Character.'

Anyway, this was good.

As long as they weren't beings with whom communication was impossible, there was hope.

They say the tongue is mightier than the sword and spear, after all.

'Maybe I can resolve this through conversationГўВҖВ”'

Just as that thought crossed my mind.

Thwack!

The Siren's spear shaft struck me in the temple.

In that moment, all strength drained from my body, and my mind went blank.

[Filthy Empire bastards.]

The SirenГўВҖВҷs murmur was drenched in loathing.

With that, I lost consciousness completely.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

...

Thud!

When I opened my eyes again, I was in a prison cell.

The Siren who had locked me up was just securing the lock on the door and leaving.

I didn't bother trying to start a conversation.

After all, locking me in a cell meant they didn't plan on killing me right away.

He had even said something to that effect.

'Don't even think about dying peacefully until you've spilled your plans, he'd said...?

Since it had come to this, I decided it was better to assess the situation before rashly trying to talk.

ГўВҖВңAgh, my whole body achesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Clutching my screaming back, I managed to push myself to my feet.

The cramped cell seemed designed to hold only one person.

I pressed myself against the bars, but because of the angle, I couldn't see much of the corridor.

'Couldn't they have at least thrown in some straw?'

The floor was just damp, muddy earth, and I didn't want my bare skin touching it.

They won't stop their wicked ways until IГўВҖВҷm soaked.

And that was it.

'... Maybe I should have just tried talking as soon as I woke up?'

There was too little information.

Sigh, should I just try to talk my way through it freestyle when they come to interrogate me?

Just as the furrows on my brow deepened.

ГўВҖВңHey, can you hear me?ГўВҖВқ

A small, whispering voice came from the side.

It seemed to be my cellmate next door...

Surprisingly, it was someone with whom I had a small connection.

Of course, he had no idea that connection even existed.

ГўВҖВңThis is Mike of the Raghart Clan. Which clan are you from, and what's your name?"

The Raghart Clan.

That was the clan that had willingly shared all that information with me before I came here.

They said one of their members who went in was still alive and holding on.

I never thought I'd meet him here.

Ah, I should introduce myself too.

"Peter, a warrior from the Hook Clan."

"The Hook Clan...? Never heard of them... Well, I guess that doesn't matter. I'm just glad you're a warrior."

"Glad?"

"... It's better you don't know for now."

He seemed to be brushing it off, but I didn't press further.

Once we had identified each other, Mike got straight to the point.

"Is there any way to get out of here?"

"No, I'm still looking."

"Right, you haven't been captured for long..."

"Does that mean you have a way to escape?"

"No, not yet. But what's certain is that we need to work together. If we want to get back to our families alive, away from these horrible monsters."

"... I don't really have a family."

Lv1 Warrior Peter was a hopeful orphan raised in the Reatlas Orphanage.

"... Still, you must have companions."

"I do."

"What do you say, will you work with me? Of course, you'll have to follow my lead. I know more than you do."

"'May the Star at Twilight have guided you...' Fine, I'll follow your lead."

"A believer of Reatlas?"

"Yes."

Having learned a little more about each other, Mike and I began to share information in earnest.

Well, to be honest, it was more like Mike leading the conversation one-sidedly.

"This island is home to a settlement of various monsters. The main ones are the Fifth Rank Sirens, and I've even seen a Fourth Rank Queen."

"Oh."

"They took your gear too, right?"

"Yes."

"I was dragged all over the place, and I saw that the confiscated gear is stored in a warehouse in the center of the settlement."

"It would be best if we could grab it on our way out, but we shouldn't push our luck. Our top priority is survival."

"Oh."

"Ah, and... how did you get to this island? Did you come by boat?"

"... That's a relief, then."

Mike paused, as if to gather his thoughts, and now it was my turn to ask questions.

"It sounds like you don't have a boat. How did you end up on this island?"

"It's a long story. And I don't want to talk about it."

Oh? Hiding information now?

"Aren't we supposed to be in the same boat?"

"..."

"If you hide things from me, I can't cooperate with you either."

When I spoke so bluntly, he reacted with a start, like someone whose painful wound had just been prodded.

"Dammit. They're all dead, everyone but me...!"

Ah, so that's why he was so intense.

After a moment of thought, I told him the truth about this island.

"You don't actually die here. You just get kicked out after they take your gear and memories...?"

"That's right. Your companions are fine outside. In fact, it was the leader of your clan who told me this."

"No way...!"

His voice, unable to contain its shock, was laced with elation.

But are humans ever such simple creatures?

The complete opposite emotion was also present.

"Th-then what was I...! Shit, after everything I endured...!"

Rage and sorrow.

Wondering what he meant, I asked for more details, and he shouted as if he could die from the injustice.

"These crazy monsters torture people!"

...

***

My conversation with Mike resumed only after some time had passed and he had calmed down.

I continued to ask questions to gather information, and he answered them faithfully.

However, for some reason, the passion in his voice was gone, replaced by an emptiness.

Like a person who had let go of something important.

Well, that's not to say the information was bad.

"When we first arrived here, there were more than ten teams of explorers in the sea. They naturally steered their ships towards Rymia, and my team followed them."

Just as I expected, the explorers chosen as the vanguard had headed for Rymia Island, which was immediately visible to them.

And...

"That island, which should have been completely devoid of monsters, was teeming with unidentified creatures."

Unidentified creatures.

In other words, monsters that had never been discovered before were occupying Rymia Island.

"They were all humanoid monsters. They used an incomprehensible language system, just like the monsters I've encountered on this island... Each and every one of them seemed to be a mutant, possessing unique abilities."

"Some used magic-like Supernatural Abilities, while others imbued their arrows with some kind of energy. There was even one that used Aura. It was heavily armed, just like the knights we're familiar with."

Humanoid monsters...

Sensing something here, I asked for more details about their attire and soon came to a conclusion.

'They're Empire soldiers.'

Rymia Island is occupied by Empire soldiers.

And putting the keywords together, it seemed the Sirens of Parune Island were hostile towards those Empire soldiers.

"Before we even made it past the island's entrance, we all had a gut feeling. We couldn't possibly conquer it with our current strength. So we got back on our boats and fled the island as if our lives depended on it."

"But to our surprise, those unidentified creatures even had warships. They quickly pursued us, and we all lost our ships to the relentless barrage of their mana cannons."

"And... when I came to, I was on this island. The last thing I remember is clinging to a plank and tying myself to it. It seems the current carried me all the way there."

The rest of the story was easy enough to guess.

Mike had been exploring Parune Island alone when he encountered a Siren, just like me, and was captured, then thrown into this prison.

Since then, he had been subjected to an incredible level of torture every day.

All while holding onto the hope that someone would come to rescue him.

"But to think all that suffering was for nothing...! To think I'd just lose my gear and be done with it if I died!"

"Uh..."

Wait a second.

The way this guy is talking is a little strange.

"Mike? You seem really worked up. Maybe you should calm down a bitГўВҖВ”"

"Don't worry! I'm calmer than I've ever been! Thanks for the news. Well then, I'll be making my escape first!"

As soon as he said that, a horrifying sound came from the wall where Mike was.

Thud!

Thud!

It was the sound of something being crushed against the wall.

It didn't take long to figure out what was happening.

Mike was bashing his head against the wall!

And he kept going, tirelessly.

Thud!

Thud!

Thud!!!

Seriously, why is his mental state so weak?

"Mike, get a grip and listen to me! Dying like that is meaningless! If you die here, you don't just lose your gear, you lose your memories too!"

"Do you want all the information you gained through all that suffering to be for nothing?"

I tried to persuade him calmly and logically, but unfortunately, Mike wasn't listening at all.

No, to be precise...

"Memories? Having these kinds of memories won't help me live! Shit, just seeing a Siren makes my hands tremble now!"

Perhaps the fact that he could shake off all the bad memories gave him even more strength.

Mike, who had seemed to be taking a break, started bashing his head against the wall again.

And then...

Crack!

After one last, unusually loud sound, not a single noise came from the next cell.

Is he really dead?

By hitting his own head?

'Sigh... what kind of guy is he?'

It was absurd.

I didn't know whether to call his mental state weak or the opposite.

With that kind of willpower, wouldn't it be better to just try and find a way to live?

The thought was still absurd, but I put an end to my musings about Mike.

The commotion Mike made by dying had brought a visitor.

Splish.

A sound unlike human footsteps, damp and alien.

A Siren passed by my cell, then opened the iron bars of the cell next door and stepped inside.

And then...

[Did he knock himself out by hitting the wall? I'll never understand these Empire folk.]

From his muttering, it seemed Mike was still alive.

I was surprised at first, but on second thought, it made sense.

Right, it couldn't be that easy to die just by hitting a wall by yourself.

Screech, thud!

Her business finished, the Siren closed the iron bars of Mike's cell and then opened the bars to mine.

[Follow me, Empire filth.]

Hmm, is he going to take me to the torture chamber now?

I got up obediently before he could drag me out and said.

[I am not an Empire soldier.]

[So you can speak? The other one kept spouting an indecipherable code and refused to talk.]

[Anyway, I'm not an Empire soldier, so there's no need to torture me.

I just washed up on this island after being shipwrecked.

If you let me go, I'll leave this island immediatelyГўВҖВ”]

[Heh heh, that's a funny one.]

[No, I really have no connection to the EmpireГўВҖВ”]

[Enough, follow me!]

The Siren paid no attention to my words and dragged me out of the cell.

It wasn't far.

After going down one more flight of stairs, there was a place that screamed 'torture chamber'.

[High Priest, this is the one we caught this morning.

He looks weak-willed, so he should spill his wicked secrets with just a little touch.

Unlike the last one, who just kept spouting nonsense!]

The Siren then bound me to a torture chair and left.

And so, I was left alone in the gruesome basement with a Siren torturer wearing a strange tribal mask.

Agh, this is creepy.

[Look, ask me anything. I'll tell you everything I knowГўВҖВ”]

[Questions come later.]

...

[... Huh?]

[First, let's enjoy this moment.]

The torturer uttered a line straight out of a madman's script and slowly approached me.

In his hand was a very wicked-looking iron tool.

Thump-!

A shiver ran down my spine.

Now I could understand how Mike felt.

With a bastard like this mercilessly torturing him, it was no wonder Mike had lost his mind.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

But now, that torture was about to be inflicted on me.

A torture so harsh that it would make one think it's better to just bash their head against a wall and commit suicide.

Could I really endure it?

Screak.

With that question in mind, the man's iron tool touched the tip of my index fingernail.

And then...

Pluck!

...the sensation of it being pulled out.

I reflexively started to scream, but then I paused.

"?"

The torturer seemed just as taken aback.

He seemed flustered that the expected reaction didn't come at the right time.

[?]

In our mutual confusion, it was the torturer who acted first.

He acted unfazed, as if not wanting to show his confusion to his victim, and brought the iron tool to my next fingernail.

And mercilessly...

Pluck!

A part of my body was ripped away.

But once again, I only flinched slightly, not letting out a scream.

[......?]

It wasn't that there was no pain.

It hurt like hell.

But it was no more and no less than the pain of having a fingernail pulled out.

I only felt that exact amount of pain.

"Oh......"

"... I think I can do this all day."

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 888 ---

Chapter 888: The Twins (3)

Unexpectedly, the torture did not last long.

Was it when he brought the steel tongs to my fifth finger?

The technician suddenly put the tongs down.

[Keva has no eye for people.

To call a man like this weak-hearted...]

For some reason, his voice was filled with a sense of self-loathing that went beyond emptiness.

I felt sorry for him, a man who had likely honed his skills his entire life, but it couldn't be helped.

'Tongs? Really, tongsГўВҖВҰ'

It was a bit too classic, if you could call it that.

It was good to stick to the basics, but that was all it was.

'Right, it's not like they're dipping my whole body in a carefully heated bath of acidic solution and potions, is it?'

I came to a new realization.

My pain threshold, which had already been pushed to its limits from constantly living on potions, had now soared far beyond those limits after I consumed the Essence of Tears.

Thump, thump.

Soon, the technician set down the tongs and picked up a bottle filled with a mysterious solution.

Is this the next torture device after the tongs?

Judging by what was in the bottle, it was highly likely to be an acidic solution.

Therefore, I should probably tense up a bit now.

Swoosh-!

Huh?

For some reason I didn't understand, when the technician poured the solution on my wounds, the bleeding stopped, and new flesh and nails grew back.

'A potion...?'

'A Potion.'

For what reason?

Unlike a real potion, there was no particular pain as I recovered.

As if sensing the question in my expression, the technician spoke bluntly.

[I have no hobby of wasting time.]

Ah, so physical methods didn't work, and now he intends to interrogate me through conversation?

That was a welcome development for me.

After all, it was a fact that it still hurt, and conversation was one of my strong suits.

[The Empire has created something ridiculous.

A monster that doesn't even blink when its fingernails are pulled out.]

Who is this fish-head calling a monster?

Most importantly, he was wrong about the most crucial part.

[As I've said before, I have nothing to do with the Empire.]

[What an amusing thing to say.]

As expected, he wasn't listening to me at all.

Well, it wasn't as if I had no other methods to try.

[If it's the Empire, there must be an Emperor, right? What's his name?]

The fish-head did not answer my question.

[Looks like you don't know his name either.]

It was a slight deviation from my original plan, but not a significant problem.

It would be nice to know the name, but the Emperor's name wasn't the key point.

I spoke with more seriousness than ever before.

[The Emperor is a son of a bitch.]

[The Emperor is an idiot, the Emperor is trash, a moron with a head full of shit, and a high probability of having no mother or father.]

As I rattled off the insults like a machine gun, the technician stared at me blankly.

He seemed to have no idea what was happening.

Before I lost the opportune moment, I quickly continued.

[Ah, Earth Mother! The light of my life! The flame of my existence! My sin! My soul! The Earth Mother is the best! Always new, always thrilling!]

It was the most intuitive proof of my beliefs.

At this, the technician fell into a state of confusion.

[What is this? D-don't tell me... are you a Pilgrim?]

Affirming it here wouldn't be bad, but it was my principle not to tell lies that would be easily found out, so I shook my head.

[No, that's not it.]

[But you just insulted the Emperor andГўВҖВ”.]

[That's because I'm not an imperial.]

It was a claim I had repeated several times, but perhaps the feeling it conveyed was different now.

The technician could no longer dismiss it as nonsense.

[My praise for the Earth Mother was just to prove my point.

An imperial would never be able to say such things.

Isn't that right?]

[That is true, but...]

[If you need more proof, I'll provide it anytime.

Bring any imperial to me.

I'll smash their head in right now to prove my purity.]

At my bold demand, the technician looked at me for a moment as if to organize his thoughts.

And...

[... Wait here for a moment.]

With those words, he left for about an hour before returning and leading me to the surface.

It was then that I saw their settlement with my own eyes for the first time.

This place was not a simple Siren village.

Ranemut Warriors.

Sea Giants.

Nagas, and so on.

Various sea-faring tribes lived here, and there was also a chief who led the group.

[Are you the imperial who insulted the Emperor and praised the Earth Mother?]

The Siren Queen.

A Rank 4 high-level monster that a Level 1 warrior like Peter could not even hope to scratch.

However, I was not intimidated in the slightest.

And why would I be? From a Level 1's perspective, there was no difference between a Siren and a Siren Queen.

They were both a one-hit kill.

Ah, of course, with me on the receiving end.

[I did insult the Emperor and praise the Earth Mother, but I am not an imperial.

How many times do I have to say it?]

[...

Hehe, what a bold human.]

The queen, holding a trident of intimidating size, laughed as if amused, then suddenly her expression hardened as she slammed the shaft of her weapon on the ground.

As if on cue, one of the Sirens lined up nearby promptly dropped a bundle in front of me.

Seeing the bundle struggle the moment it hit the ground, it wasn't hard to guess what was inside.

[Mmph! Mmph!]

Soon, the Siren who had set down the bundle untied the rope that bound it, and the person trapped inside was finally revealed.

[An Imperial Knight.

He is important enough that the imperial forces who occupied Rymia Island have tried to negotiate for him several times.]

The queen did not speak any further.

[Prove it.]

With those words, she clamped her mouth shut, and as if waiting, a Siren dropped a weapon in front of me.

It was the mace I had been carrying.

It was all too clear what they wanted from me, so I had no reason to hesitate.

Shhh.

Without a word, I picked up the mace and approached the terrified Imperial Knight.

The Sirens watching me sent gazes that were half in doubt, wondering if I could really go through with it.

Hah, as if this is some difficult task.

WHACK!

Without a second of hesitation, I slammed the mace into the knight's head, and the Sirens' eyes widened.

[He really did it...!]

[Was it true that he wasn't an imperial?]

[Quiet.]

The atmosphere, which was about to become disorderly, turned silent again with a single word from the queen.

She must have thought it wasn't time to judge yet.

After all, I had only struck once, and the knight was still alive.

Therefore...

WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

I brought the mace down again and again.

It was an ordinary strike, with none of the buffs from a skill like Swing.

The Imperial Knight's durability seemed to be quite high, as it took a considerable amount of time to get a kill confirmation with just basic attacks, even though he was incapacitated and I was aiming for his head, a vital spot.

CRACKГўВҖВ”!

Only after striking the mace more than ten times did I feel that distinct sensation in my hands.

That alone was enough to instinctively know I had finished him, but even greater proof soon unfolded before my eyes.

Swoooosh.

The Imperial Knight turned into a halo of light and disappeared.

You have defeated the Imperial Knight.

EXP +6

At the same time, my heart vibrated, and a familiar energy coursed through my body.

An explosive sense of fulfillment, as if my blood vessels were expanding.

The character's level has increased.

Soul Power has increased by +10.

The maximum number of absorbable Essences has increased by +1.

Proving I'm not an imperial even gives me experience points?

[It's not enough.]

I frowned and shook my head.

[I'll prove it more, so bring me more! Regular soldiers or archers would be even better than knights!]

If I could just reach Level 3, that would be great.

***

Silence fell over the clearing.

As the sea monsters stared at me with wide eyes, the Siren Queen brought the situation to a close.

[... That's enough. The proof is complete. I acknowledge it, you are not an imperial.]

Right, so there would be no more freebies.

Feeling a sense of disappointment for some reason, I waited for the queen to continue.

[Child of man, do you have any thought of devoting yourself to the Earth Mother? If it's you, I am willing to personally bestow a blessing.]

[What is this blessing?]

[It means you can become one of us, going beyond a simple Pilgrim.]

[Does that mean I'll become a Siren too?]

[Well, that is unknown. The blessing will be bestowed according to the size of your soul.]

The size of my soul...

I didn't know for sure, but it seemed to mean it was proportional to my level.

If I were Level 3, I would probably transform into something like a Rank 7 monster, a Ranemut Warrior.

There was no need to hesitate.

[In that case, I refuse.]

A puppet transforming into a monster would have its uses at certain moments, but honestly, I thought it would be more useful to remain human.

[... If that is your will, I will not insist further.]

Surprisingly, when I refused the offer, the queen coolly accepted it and did not press the matter.

So, that was the end of the proselytizing.

[Then what happens to me now? I've proven that I'm not an imperial.]

[Nothing.]

[I would appreciate it if you could be more specific.]

[You are free.

We are different from the Empire.

We have no intention of harming those who are not involved in this war.]

Phew...

So I've survived for now, then...

As I was sighing in relief inwardly, the queen spoke.

[You may leave the island as you are, or you may stay and observe our way of life.

It would be even better if you find it in your heart to devote yourself to the Earth Mother.]

[So, what will you do? Child of man.]

Well, my decision was already made.

***

A week had already passed since I first set foot on this island as part of the vanguard.

And I was still on Parune Island.

However, it was different from before when I was a prisoner locked in a cell.

Now I could roam freely in this village, and...

[Waaaaah! Peter! Peter!]

[Do that thing! BAHELLAAAAAAAA!!]

I had become quite popular.

So much so that when I was just taking a walk, little sea monsters would cling to me, begging me to play.

The little ones found me, a human, very fascinating.

So I played well with them to curry favor, and naturally, the adults came to see me in a good light as well.

Yesterday, we even went hunting together.

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a Krungbee.

You have defeated a Krungbee...

There was something I learned while hunting and catching bugs.

When the island's residents kill a monster, it doesn't disappear in a flash of light.

However, even when they saw a monster I killed disappear in a flash of light, they didn't think it was strange at all.

It was as if they were hypnotized.

They didn't harbor any questions whatsoever.

'Should I consider this a game mechanic...?'

From my perspective, it caused a bit of cognitive dissonance, but I decided not to think too deeply about it.

It wasn't like there were only one or two things in this Labyrinth that I couldn't understand.

[Peter, aren't you lonely? You're the only human left on this island now.]

[Not really.]

My prison mate, Mike, was dead.

Ah, of course, he wasn't executed by the island's residents.

Mike was released due to my active insistence after I became friendly with the villagers, but he himself actively wished for death.

Something about wanting to erase the memory of being tortured?

His will was so strong that in the end, unable to watch any longer, I sent him off cleanly with a hammer.

'He's probably laughing with his comrades now, having forgotten everything.'

At first, I didn't understand, but now I think Mike's choice might have been quite wise.

If it's a memory that will torment you for a lifetime, then forgetting it might be the path closer to happiness.

Anyway, I was enjoying my life on Parune Island and working hard to gain the residents' favor, and perhaps my efforts paid off.

[Peter, the queen calls for you.]

For the first time since the day I killed the Imperial Knight, the queen had summoned me.

And it was even a private meeting, with all her surrounding retainers dismissed.

[Before we begin our talk, I will say this first, child of man.

I am going to ask a favor of you today, and whether you grant this favor or not is entirely up to your will.

I will not coerce you in any way, nor will I give you any disadvantages, such as kicking you off this island, for refusing.

Such things are only done in the evil Empire.]

To put it simply, she was giving me a quest...

I didn't know how to interpret the long preamble she gave before even stating the quest's content.

When she emphasized it that much, I wondered if it was reverse psychology.

'Does she mean she'll kick me off the island if I refuse?'

Though such a reasonable suspicion arose, I decided to first hear everything the queen had to say.

[Furthermore, if you grant my request, I promise in the name of the Earth Mother that I will bestow a corresponding reward.]

[Alright, just tell me.

What's the favor?]

[Go to the island occupied by the imperials and find a child.

Then, grant peace to that suffering child.]

An assassination quest given to a Level 2 warrior.

I wanted to ask if she had mistaken my class, but...

[First, I'd like to hear who that child is.]

I decided to first confirm the rest of the quest's content, and as a result, I heard a surprising name.

'Hmm, on second thought, is it really that surprising?'

I had actually predicted to some extent that this island would be related to that person.

[Tetrasea, please grant peace to that poor child.]

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 889 ---

Chapter 889: The Twins (4)

Tetrasea.

The moment I heard that name, I knew it instinctively.

That this quest the Queen was giving me was closely related to conquering this hidden island.

ГўВҖВҳIf I succeed in the assassination and give it rest or whatever, is that the clear condition?ГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, I thought that might be it... but on the other hand, I wondered if it would really be that simple.

It wasn't something I could be sure of yet.

It was unclear if coming to Parune Island to build favor and get this quest, instead of going to Rymia Island, was even the correct path.

ГўВҖВҳEven if I had gone to Rymia Island, as long as I knew the Ancient Language, I feel like I could have progressed somehow...ГўВҖВҷ

It's a common type of scenario in games.

Choosing a faction and carrying out quests suited to that faction.

[I want to hear more details before I decide.]

Anyway, now that the name Tetrasea had come up, I needed to know more about the current situation.

[What are you curious about?]

[Everything. Starting with what kind of situation Tetrasea is in.]

[... Very well.]

Was it because she was the one giving me the quest?

The Queen answered my questions faithfully, even though they weren't directly related to the assassination mission itself.

[Do you know about the treaty we made with the Empire soldiers?]

[I heard from the residents. You promised not to invade each other's territory, right?]

[That treaty came with a price.

We had to give them the Bloodline of the Idol.]

[What did you receive in return?]

[The daily lives of our people.]

From what I heard, the treaty didn't seem like a ceasefire agreement made between equals.

It was more like a typical unequal treaty signed by a defeated nation.

Parune Island gave them what they wanted, and in return, they were promised survival.

ГўВҖВҳFirst, the Bloodline of the Idol seems to refer to Tetrasea...ГўВҖВҷ

[What does 'the Idol' refer to?]

[It means the master of this island, the one who commands the storm.]

The one who commands the storm...

Considering I'm on Parune Island, I think I have an idea.

[Is it someone higher than the Queen? I've never seen them.]

[That one no longer stays on this island.

That, too, was part of the treaty.]

[I see.]

After asking a few more questions about 'the one who commands the storm,' I confirmed it was the same being I had expected.

ГўВҖВҳStormgush...ГўВҖВҷ

In other words, Tetrasea, the Bloodline of the Idol, meant baby Stormgush.

And once I reached that interpretation, various other hypotheses began to form.

Like the event that occurred during the Battle of the Lord of Tears.

I only considered things like the Crown of Anguish as activation conditions, but maybe the Essence of Stormgush had an effect too.

Well, it doesn't matter now.

[But in this situation, is it okay to kill the Bloodline of the Idol, which was the price of the treaty?]

[Because you are human.

Even if you kill him and grant him rest, the Empire soldiers will not be able to connect it to us.]

Ah... so that's why they're having me do it instead of doing it themselves.

If I, in human form, kill Tetrasea, it will just be a failure on the part of the Empire soldiers.

There's no reason for Parune Island to take responsibility.

No, they might even be able to make various demands, citing poor management.

[Do you know anything about the target's situation, or where they are?]

[... I do not know.]

[So you mean I have to find all that out myself.]

The Queen said she would provide me with the uniform worn by the Empire soldiers, and that wearing it would lower the risk of being caught.

But that was something I'd only know after trying.

As far as I was concerned, it was a mission so dangerous that even several lives of Peter, the Level 2 Warrior, wouldn't be enough.

In other words...

[The reward.]

[?]

[You said you would give a corresponding reward.

I'd like to hear about it.]

I needed a reward great enough to be worth sacrificing several lives of Peter, the Level 2 Warrior.

***

Hah, I didn't think I'd be doing this again.

Splash, splash-!

I am rowing.

The destination is Rymia, the Island of Beginnings.

It hasn't been long since I left Parune Island, and my shoulders are already stiff...

Splash, splash-!

As tired as my body was, the rowboat I came in cut through the waves swiftly.

Of course, this was my second time.

I was more skilled than the first time, so the boat moved straight ahead without losing its direction.

Hmm, at this rate, I think I can arrive 1.5 times faster than when I came...

ГўВҖВңHooo...ГўВҖВқ

As my body quickly grew tired from the strenuous rowing, I continued my thoughts.

From the plan to infiltrate Rymia Island, which was full of Empire soldiers, to the reward the Queen had offered...

ГўВҖВҳThe Queen's Engraving...?ГўВҖВҷ

It was what the Queen had offered as the quest reward.

She had suggested a few things before, but when I remained silent as if unsatisfied, she had offered it with her eyes squeezed shut, as if she really couldn't offer anything more.

So I accepted it at that point, but I still don't know its exact use.

ГўВҖВҳFrom the rough explanation, it sounds like a permanent buff.ГўВҖВҷ

It doesn't turn you into a monster like the blessing you get from devoting yourself to the Earth Mother, but maybe it lets you use a part of her power?

ГўВҖВҳIf it's the Queen's Engraving, it probably grants one of the abilities the Siren Queen has...ГўВҖВҷ

No matter how I think about it, it doesn't sound like a simple stat-increasing Engraving.

But if it really gives a skill, that wouldn't make sense.

Since an Engraving doesn't seem to use an Essence slot.

Or maybe there's a restriction, like you can only receive an Engraving once?

ГўВҖВҳIf that's the case, getting the Queen's Engraving would be a loss...ГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, then I should probably receive that reward as Peter.

Or maybe it would be better to have my companions receive it first.

It's a bit risky to experiment with my main character.

ГўВҖВңOh.ГўВҖВқ

As I continued rowing while lost in thought, Rymia Island finally came into view.

At this point, I stopped rowing for a moment, changed into the Imperial uniform the Queen had prepared for me, and checked the identification badge.

The identification badge was in a very simple format.

[Naval Special Forces Division]

[2-17CHCH]

The top two lines were the affiliation.

[Private Soldier]

This seemed to be the rank.

And at the very bottom was the name I would be using for the duration of the assassination quest...

ГўВҖВңUh...?ГўВҖВқ

The moment I checked the name, I froze like a stone.

[Hans Elfire]

You've got to be kidding me.

Whoooosh, splash!

The moment I saw the name, I reflexively threw it into the sea.

ГўВҖВңAh...ГўВҖВқ

I messed up.

The plan will fall apart without the identification badge.

I felt a slight regret a moment later, but...

ГўВҖВҳNo, it couldn't be helped.ГўВҖВҷ

Right, dealing with the 'Outing Doll' alone is tough enough, but having to be called by that name too?

There's no way the quest would succeed.

ГўВҖВҳYes, this is better.ГўВҖВҷ

Besides, the plan to use the existing identity had many uncertain parts anyway.

For example, if I ran into someone who knew the original owner, it would be over.

Well, the Queen had assured me that since the unit had been wiped out, no one would recognize me.

ГўВҖВҳAnyway, with this, the story of being a soldier who escaped Parune Island is ruined...ГўВҖВҷ

After organizing my thoughts for a moment, I tore off all the insignias on the uniform.

I figured that without an identification badge, they would only get in the way.

ГўВҖВҳSince it has come to this, let's go with a classic...ГўВҖВҷ

The rolling waves.

The distant shore.

The plan is simple.

From now on, I will abandon this rowboat and swim to the coast.

Then, I'll lie down by the waves pretending to be unconscious, and when an Empire soldier finds me...

ГўВҖВҳWhere am I? Who am I?ГўВҖВҷ

I'll go with the amnesiac Empire soldier setting.

It seems like a very flimsy plan, but I know.

Sometimes, these simple plans work better.

Besides, this seems to have a much higher chance of success than infiltrating with that cursed name.

ГўВҖВҳBy the way, with this setting, it would be good to have a head wound.ГўВҖВҷ

Details are the life of an performance.

With that thought, I struck my own head with a club without any hesitation.

However...

Thwack-!

Was the problem that I had no hesitation?

Or was it that I momentarily forgot this body was Level 2?

ГўВҖВңUgh...ГўВҖВқ

It was probably both.

ГўВҖВңThe Hans effect...ГўВҖВқ

My vision started to spin, and my body lost all strength.

My legs gave out, my body swayed...

Splash!

And just like that, I lost consciousness and fell into the sea.

***

Someone kept slapping my cheek, so I slowly opened my eyes to see a man I'd never seen before looking down at me with an urgent expression.

[Hey! Wake up! Hey!]

What in the world is going on?

My vision was blurry, my head was dizzy, and I couldn't breathe well, so it took me quite some time to grasp the situation.

[Don't close your eyes! Think of the Empire! Think of your family!]

I didn't care about family, but hearing the keyword 'Empire' made the memories of what happened before unfold like a panorama.

ГўВҖВҳOh...ГўВҖВҷ

I tried to give myself a head wound, but I ended up knocking myself out and falling into the water.

But seeing an Empire soldier waking me up, it seemed I had luckily drifted to the shore as planned.

They say method acting is the pinnacle of acting.

Because of my mistake, I had completed a performance more realistic than any other.

[Where... is this?]

[It's Rymia Island!]

[Rymia Island...?]

I asked back blankly and brought a hand to my forehead, frowning.

Not because I was pretending to be in pain, but because I really felt it.

[Yes, Rymia Island! How did you end up in the sea? What's your affiliation?]

[... I don't know. M-my memory...]

Hmm, is this a bit much?

As I continued what I felt was a terrible performance, the Empire soldier before me nodded his head in understanding.

[Tsk, looks like you've seriously injured your head.

Come and support this man.

We're ending the patrol and returning to base!]

Ah, he wasn't alone?

I soon turned my head to the side and saw other soldiers.

[Squad leader, something's suspicious.]

[What is suspicious?]

[Lately, unidentified humans keep entering this island, don't they? Perhaps this man is one of them.

He's only wearing a uniform; there's no way to prove his identity, is there?]

At one soldier's suspicion, another soldier chimed in and nodded.

[Private Soldier Jake has a point! Amnesia? Does that even make sense?]

Ah...

I guess it's not working?

Arguing here wouldn't help me push the amnesia setting, so I silently watched the situation.

It was indeed the right decision.

Soon enough, the one called the squad leader began to actively defend me.

[Enough! This man is a soldier of our Empire. We must quickly take him to the base for treatment.]

[How can you not even be suspicious?]

[Because all the unidentified humans spoke an unknown language.

But this man spoke ours.]

[But that alone is not enough...!]

[According to the staff officers' speculation, it's highly likely they are monsters sent by the Pilgrims.

They actually used abilities that monsters use.]

Hmm, this seems to be referring to the power of Essences...

[But what about this man? I can't feel any of those monsters' powers from him.

This means he is one of the sons of our Empire.]

[... Just because he's not a monster doesn't mean we can be certain he's an ally.

We can't rule out the possibility that a Pilgrim stole a uniform and infiltrated.]

[Hmm, you're right, we can't rule out that possibility, but...]

At the soldier's words, the squad leader also looked at me with somewhat uncertain eyes.

He didn't seem to have any intention of killing me right away, but he seemed to be contemplating whether to treat me as a 100% ally or as an unidentified person.

[Squad leader! Would you take a look at this? This is something Rick found during the coastal patrol!]

A soldier handed an item to the squad leader.

My vision was still blurry and out of focus, but it still looked very familiar.

Soon, the squad leader, who had been closely examining the item, looked at me and smirked.

[It seems this is your Imperial Badge.]

[Imperial Badge...?]

[Yes, it seems it was swept away by the current and washed up on the shore, and we were lucky enough to find it.]

I couldn't help but look confused.

It wasn't because I was acting; I genuinely didn't understand.

[If it's the 2-17th Battalion, that's the unit that was wiped out in the last battle before the treaty.

It's good that you made it back alive.]

...

[I suppose we'll only hear the full story when your memory returns...

For now, go back and get some rest.]

The squad leader then smiled and patted my shoulder encouragingly.

[Private Soldier, Hans Elfire.]

It was utterly unbelievable.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 890 ---

Chapter 890: The Twins (5)

Lying in bed, I stared blankly at the Identification badge.

No, according to these guys, it was called an Imperial Badge, was it?

Anyway.

[Private Soldier, Hans Elfire.]

What is this, it's not like some cursed doll that keeps coming back no matter how many times I throw it away.

"Haa..."

Feeling like I would go crazy if I looked at it any longer, I put the Imperial Badge into my military uniform top and irritably lay back down on the bed.

An unfamiliar ceiling.

I was currently lying in a medical tent at the Imperial ArmyГўВҖВҷs outpost on Rymia Island.

It was because I had just met with a Priest to receive treatment for amnesia.

The diagnosis was memory loss due to a traumatic brain injury.

Something about how I must have hit my head somewhere while being washed ashore by the waves?

The wound on my head was very helpful in getting this diagnosis, and the prescription was a shot of Heal.

Thanks to that, the injury on my head was now fully recovered.

However, I maintained the concept of amnesia, and the Priest didn't find it strange, saying it was common for aftereffects to remain permanently if the treatment window was missed.

[You are currently without an affiliation.

You will be reassigned soon...

Until then, get some good rest.]

It was a truly perfect disguised infiltration.

It was safe to say I had crossed the biggest hurdle in carrying out the quest I received on Parune Island.

Well, there was still a problem that was far too threatening to me to be called minor.

[Do you understand? Hans.]

[Elfire.]

[?]

[Please call me by my last name.]

[Despite your appearance, you're quite a stiff fellow, aren't you?]

The middle-aged Priest looked at me drawing a line and left, seemingly a little offended.

And so, I was left alone in the empty medical tent.

According to the Priest, it would be so packed during battles that it would feel cramped, but lately, there had been no soldiers getting injured.

Apparently, until about a week ago, there had been quite a few injured soldiers due to monsters wearing human skin, but now they had all been discharged?

'From what I hear, it seems like no one else is entering anymore.'

I quietly calculated the time.

'Day 39 of entering the Labyrinth.'

And since the Sixth Floor closes on day 60...

'There are 21 days left, huh...'

Within 21 days, I had to find and kill Tetrasea, who was hidden on Rymia Island, which had become an Imperial ArmyГўВҖВҷs outpost.

***

A time limit of 21 days.

Considering I had to kill Tetrasea and then return to Parune Island to receive the reward, I would need a few more days to spare.

'Although, it would be impossible to kill him and escape this island as Level 2 Peter in the first place.'

So, I prioritized information gathering over completing the assassination quest.

I'd roughly check the difficulty of this island.

Once I confirmed where that bastard Tetrasea was, I would re-enter with my main character to finish the job.

That was my plan for now, but I still didn't know for sure.

I might discover something new while gathering information on this island.

According to my speculation, 'Twin Islands' was a mission-type Hidden Field, and I still didn't know exactly what that 'mission' was.

'It might not just end with a simple assassination and receiving a reward.'

Therefore, under the pretext of taking a 'walk', I wandered around the medical tent and gathered information in my own way.

After three days, the unit I would belong to was finally decided.

It was the result of actively appealing to the Priest that I had fully recovered.

[From now on, you are a member of the 1-16th Battalion.]

Surprisingly, the unit I was assigned to was the one that had rescued me when I washed up on the coast.

[It will be tough for now since you have no memories, but try to adapt well.

Private Soldier, Elfire.]

I had felt it slightly at the time, but the platoon leader was a very likable character.

Especially in the way he called me by my last name without me even asking.

Anyway.

[There will hardly be any instances of you being deployed to the battlefield right away.

Since the treaty, this island has found stability.

The current mission assigned to our battalion is just 'coastline patrol and guard duty'.]

And so, I began my life in the Imperial Army as Private Soldier Elfire of the 1-16th.

Morning, noon, and night.

I stood on patrol duty in shifts, and in the process, I tried my best to get close to the other soldiers.

Of course, the process wasn't exactly smooth.

There was too great of a wall between me and them.

[Hans.]

[...

I'm sorry, but I'd appreciate it if you'd call me by my last name.]

The sad fate of having to draw a line with the soldiers who started calling me by my first name, thinking we were getting close.

Ah, was this truly the heart of Hong Gildong?

Still, thankfully, the kind and comrade-filled Imperial soldiers warmly embraced me as I was.

[That Elfire fellow... doesn't it seem like he's strangely drawing a line between us?]

[Try to understand, his battalion was annihilated...]

[Even if he's lost his memories, I guess that wound etched in his heart can't be erased.]

[Ah... that's true! My thinking was shortsighted! To think I was upset over something like this! I'll work hard enough that one day he'll ask me to call him by his first name!]

When I accidentally overheard them talking amongst themselves, I even felt like changing factions and swearing loyalty to the Imperial Army.

Ah, of course, it was just a fleeting thought.

One must separate public and private matters.

One day, two days, three days, four days...

Even after becoming Private Soldier Elfire, time flowed quickly, and it was soon the 47th day of entering the Labyrinth.

Patrolling the coastline every day and building comradeship with my colleagues, I naturally came to learn many things, and with more knowledge came more questions.

[... Why on earth did we sign a treaty? Haha, this fellow is filled with hatred for those monster bastards, isn't he?]

[Well, I suppose those memories won't really disappear.

They must still remain in the deepest part of his heart.]

[By the way, it seems you've definitely lost your memories.

Seeing as you're asking such a question.]

The Imperial Army is incredibly strong.

Strong enough to wipe out all of Parune Island in a day.

'After all, a Stormgush is only a Third-Rank monster...'

But why did the Imperial Army only sign a 'treaty' and leave them alive?

It was a question that started from that doubt, but a name I hadn't expected at all suddenly appeared.

[It is because they are under the blessing of the Sea God of Calamity.]

The Sea God of Calamity, Leviathan.

A Rank 1 creature that can be encountered in the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.

[If we were to go all the way, he would surely intervene, so we had to draw the line.]

[I see...]

[Still, we managed to obtain the most important thing without much damage, so it can be called a blessing for the Empire...

Ah, I'm sorry.

I misspoke.]

Without much damage.

Upon using such an expression in front of me, fellow soldier A wore a look of regret, but to me, who wasn't the real Elfire, it was of no concern.

The truly important part was something else.

[Obtained something important? What is it? I heard you took some monster as a hostage, is it that important?]

At my question, soldier A made a troubled expression.

But perhaps because I'd been building goodwill, and my story weighed on his mind?

[... Alright, I suppose you have a right to know.

But you must not tell anyone about this.

Understand?]

[I swear on my heart.]

[My younger brother is in the research department.

Unlike me, he was very smart since he was young.

I heard from him... that the Empire is currently developing a new War Machine using that monster they took hostage.

He said if it succeeds, it will be an invention great enough to end this dreadful war.]

What, is it something like a nuclear bomb?

[So don't overdo it.

If you just wait patiently like this, the great Empire will fulfill your wish.]

I had no idea what kind of War Machine it was, but I ended the conversation there.

I judged that digging deeper wouldn't yield any proper clues, and I might just arouse suspicion for no reason.

'I should probably bring my main character in around now.'

I succeeded in infiltrating as an Imperial soldier, but information gathering wasn't going as well as I thought.

I guess this was the limit of a regular soldier.

The warehouse where the equipment of the explorers who challenged Twin Islands was stored, the structure of the Imperial Army's units, patrol routes, and so on.

That was all I could find out.

The information I just got was quite high-level, but even that was a result I could only obtain because I was thoroughly lucky.

If there hadn't been a guy with a younger brother working in the research department in our unit, I would never have been able to find out.

'In the end, I couldn't even find out where Tetrasea is being held captive.'

Well, it's not that I have no idea where it might be.

In the center of the outpost, there is a restricted zone that not only regular soldiers but even officers cannot enter without permission.

He's probably somewhere in that zone.

Six.

I'd say.

'The Imperial Knights are only around Rank 4.'

The three KnightГўВҖВ‘Captains on this island can be estimated to be Third-Rank.

Simply put, it means if I come with my main character, it's possible to just go on a rampage and search the entire island.

'Maybe I was thinking too much about the worst-case scenario.'

Is it because it's an event related to the Lord of Tears?

Perhaps I was being overly cautious.

After all, isn't it just an island on the Sixth Floor?

This could be seen as just the right level of difficulty.

'If I had known it would be like this, should I have come with my main character from the start...?'

As I was thinking that and deciding that today would be my last day before returning, the platoon leader came looking for me while I was on evening patrol.

And with a very stern face at that.

[Private Soldier, Hans Elfire.

As of today, you have been assigned to the research department.

Follow me.]

[Yes...?]

[?]

[It's an order from above.

I don't understand it either, but an order is an order.

Now, let's go.

We might hear the circumstances when we get there.]

The platoon leader also seemed confused, but like a true soldier, he didn't question it deeply.

And so, I followed the platoon leader into the restricted zone in the central area.

'I'm getting in here like this...?'

It felt a little anticlimactic.

A place I had given up on because it seemed impossible to get into as a regular soldier.

However, the situation was a bit too strange to just rejoice at my good fortune.

'Why are these bastards assigning me here? And at night, not during the day?'

It felt fishy, but I followed along obediently anyway.

As Level 2 Peter, I had no way to escape anyway.

Besides, in the worst-case scenario, what's the worst that could happen? I'd just die.

Since I was planning to return to my main character after today anyway, there was nothing holding me back.

[You must be Private Soldier, Hans Elfire.

I will take him from here, so you should promptly return to your unit.]

[Yes...?]

[Do I have to say it twice?]

[No, sir!]

As soon as I crossed into the restricted zone, I was handed over to a new man.

A skinny man with sharp features, wearing a white coat.

For some reason, I felt like I could beat him even as Level 2 Peter, but does a person's strength only mean physical power?

Seeing that there were three guards around and the platoon leader couldn't even make a peep, it seemed this skinny man held a very high rank within the army.

[Hmm...]

As soon as the platoon leader left, the skinny man looked me up and down as if appraising me.

[This should be usable.

A perfectly ordinary body that doesn't use Aura or magic, nor does it believe in gods.

On top of that, you've even lost your memories, so your brain should be clean too.]

At his gaze, which was interested only in my body, I got goosebumps without realizing it.

The only consolation was that he didn't seem to be after a man's purity.

[You should know you're lucky.

Thanks to that perfect ordinariness, you've gained an opportunity that a Private Soldier could never get.]

[Ah, yes...]

[Of course, whether you can seize that opportunity or not is up to you.

Now, let's go!]

The skinny man, whose every nuance reeked of narcissism, led me into the building without giving me a chance to say anything.

Unlike the barracks where the soldiers lived, it was a properly constructed building.

But once inside, it was much larger.

'It's a building that's been expanded underground...'

After descending the stairs for a long time, a space filled with various mechanical devices appeared.

My first impression was that it was familiar.

After all, the 'Panthelion Research Institute' I had explored on the Underground First Floor had a similar feel.

[What will happen to me from now on?]

[I heard your hatred for the children of the Witch is considerable.

Congratulations.

From now on, you will take the first step in this world to annihilate the monsters and reclaim the glory of humanity.]

I thought for a moment.

What should I say at a time like this?

[Thank you...?]

[Huhu, your attitude is good too.

I like it very much!]

Fortunately, my answer must have been the right one, as the skinny man laughed like a pervert and answered my question.

Well, there were only a few parts I could properly understand.

[From today, you will live with Unit Alpha for 72 hours and slowly raise your synchronization rate.

And when it reaches an appropriate level...]

[When it reaches...?]

[Huhu, I'll tell you the next part when the time comes.

It's meaningless if the synchronization rate doesn't rise anyway.

Now then, a secondГўВҖВ‘class researcher will explain the precautions, so make sure you understand them well.

I'll see you again tomorrow morning.]

The skinny man left after saying that, and then I was led by Skinny Man 2, who had been stuck with the chore.

And...

Kuuung!

After quickly receiving only the precautions, I was locked in another room.

For reference, there was a senior in that room...

Ah, should I say one person?

Drip, drip.

Dripping water.

As I slowly approached the senior who was slumped over and collapsed on the floor, did he finally sense my presence?

Sssk.

With three stakes embedded in its chest, the baby Stormgush lifted its head and looked at me.

[Wh-who are you...?]

[The one who will save you.]

Somehow, I had spotted the target.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 891 ---

Chapter 891. The Twins (6)

The inside of the laboratory was very simple.

It was a square structure with a very high ceiling for a normal room.

However, in the center of the floor, there was a circular groove, like a hot spring...

ГўВҖВҳThey must have filled it with water.ГўВҖВҷ

The remaining traces of water told me what that circular groove was used for.

It was probably full just a moment ago.

Of course, it wouldn't have been ordinary water.

Well, it probably wasn't anything incredibly special either.

As someone who couldn't help but know more about Stormgush's abilities than anyone, I realized what it was as soon as I saw it.

ГўВҖВҳSeawater...ГўВҖВҷ

Stormgush's passive skill, [Origin].

This skill increases its Regeneration Ability when it touches seawater, and the longer the duration, the greater the increase.

ГўВҖВҳ...

Are they controlling it by repeatedly filling and draining the water before its Regeneration Ability gets too high?ГўВҖВҷ

I felt it while listening to the various warnings before coming in here, but they are truly cruel bastards.

The slight favorability I had developed for the goodness of the Imperial soldiers was plummeting.

As expected, the Empire was also far from good or just.

ГўВҖВҳIn the first place, it seems the reason this kid became a Lord is because of the Empire...ГўВҖВҷ

Coincidentally, I know of a similar case.

The Lord of Terror, Dreadfear.

Although it was a result close to an accident, if you trace the cause and effect, that bastard was also a being created by the Imperial Army.

ГўВҖВҳBut for even the Lord of the Sixth Floor to be caused by the Empire...ГўВҖВҷ

At this point, if some dog-shit incident happens on a global scale, you could probably close your eyes, pick the Empire, and be right more than half the time.

Ah, of course, this theory also includes the Witch of the Earth.

It's something I've come to realize while learning the secrets of the world, but in the end, these two are the culprits behind everything.

...

Ah, I've been lost in thought for too long.

I casually looked ahead to see a tiny baby Stormgush, miniscule compared to its adult form, looking up at me with fearful eyes.

Well, from its perspective, that's understandable.

Every time it met a human, only terrible things must have happened.

There was no way it would believe a strange human who showed up and suddenly said he was here to save it.

Sook.......

Before answering, I glanced around, surveying the inside of the laboratory.

Except for the entrance, the walls were sealed on all sides, but there was no privacy to speak of.

The researchers outside were probably watching everything happening in here.

[You're... going to save me...?]

Soon, the baby Stormgush...

Tetrasea, asked me cautiously.

Its eyes were still full of fear and wariness, but despite that, its curiosity seemed to have overcome its fear.

No, in this case, would desperation be more fitting than curiosity?

I readily affirmed.

[Yes, I will save you.]

It was a blatant statement of my true purpose, but I didn't need to worry about the researchers for this part.

After all, this was what they had requested.

Become someone Unit Alpha can rely on.

It's still a mystery why they made such a request.

They said it was the most efficient way to raise the synchronization rate or what have you, but I was never actually told what happens when the synchronization rate goes up.

Anyway, along with that, I received a few tips on how to become someone it could rely on, and among them was giving it hope of 'escape.'

Just like this.

[... Of course, I'll have to start looking for a way now.

Haha.]

[Ah!]

[Don't worry.

I'm only telling you this, but nothing is impossible in this world.]

For the record, this wasn't an empty platitude; I was serious.

Lee Hansoo becoming Bjorn Yandel.

A bare-handed Barbarian with only a shield being called the city's hero.

From someone's perspective, all of these are impossible things.

But perhaps my sincerity wasn't fully conveyed.

At my confession-that-wasn't-a-confession, the faint light of hope that had appeared in the baby Stormgush's eyes quickly died out.

Hey, if you're a baby, act like one and be hopeful.

[I can't read your kind's expressions very well, but I can definitely tell that one is sour.]

[...]

[Then just watch from there.

I will definitely tear every last one of those Empire bastards to shreds.]

Hearing my words, the baby Stormgush flinched and looked around in all directions.

It seemed worried that someone outside might have heard me.

But the Imperial Army didn't come bursting in.

After all, showing hostility toward the Empire to earn sympathy points was also in the guide.

[Don't worry.

They can observe from the outside, but they can't hear our conversation.]

Of course, that was a lie.

Those bastards were definitely hearing every word of this.

However, this young and naive baby Stormgush readily believed a story that any normal person would doubt.

[Ah... I-Is that so...? No wonder... no matter how much I shouted, no one came... so that was why...]

[What did you shout?]

[I-I shouted... please, I can't take it anymore, please stop...]

Ah...

At those words, a corner of my heart suddenly ached.

Did these Empire bastards kidnap this innocent kid and subject it to such insane torture?

For some reason, I found it hard to just stand by, so I changed the subject.

[... Anyway, since we met like this, it must be fate, so let's introduce ourselves.

I'm Elfire.]

[I'm Tetrasea.]

And so, our strange life together began.

***

The 60th day since entering the Labyrinth...

The third day since I started living with Tetrasea.

Ah, that's not an exact time, just my guess.

I've been keeping track of time based on the standard that one day passes after three meals are served.

[Alright, let's do our best today too.]

It was a short period, still too early to call me a newcomer, but a daily routine had already formed.

First, the day begins with...

Beep!

When a short beep sounds once, breakfast drops from the ceiling.

Ah, of course, it's closer to dog food than a meal.

Soggy dog food, at that.

[Gulp! Starting the day off strong!]

[... A-Are you okay?]

[Why wouldn't I be? You have to eat to get strong.]

[Still... unlike mine, yours is all wet... it looks really bad...

Should I switch with you?]

[No, it's fine.]

This soggy dog food is my only means of hydration.

Tetrasea can just drink the seawater, but as a human, that's impossible for me.

Well, it's only minimal hydration, and if these meals continue, it will eventually lead to dehydration.

But it won't get to that point, so I won't complain.

Besides, there's someone else who really should be complaining.

Ah, not a person, though.

Beep, beepГўВҖВ”!

Thirty minutes after the meal is served, two long beeps sound, and the tub in the center of the laboratory fills with water.

And...

[Aaaaaargh!!]

The moment Tetrasea gets in, light erupts from three stakes, and agonizing groans fill the laboratory.

For about four hours.

I watch quietly from the outside, and when a beep sounds again and the water drains, I help the creature out.

[...]

The creature gasps for breath, as if it doesn't even have the energy to groan, and after an hour, its mind recovers enough to speak.

That's when our conversation truly begins.

[Have you digested everything yet?]

[Ah ha... yes...]

We can now mix in a few jokes, so we start with small talk before seriously discussing our escape plan.

[The only escape route found so far is the ceiling where the food drops from.

Besides the entrance, it's the only passage connected to the outside.

The problem is that the passage is narrow, so while I might be able to get through, it would be difficult for you to follow.

First, we need to find a way to remove the stakes.]

ГўВҖВў [That... won't work.]

[Hey, are you giving up already? Don't you feel pity for yourself? I've said it time and again, but the only one who can save you is you.

So don't give up andГўВҖВ”]

[No, really. I'm okay. If there's a way to escape, you should go first, Old Man... I was really happy for the last few days, at least...]

[... What are you talking about, kid. In a situation like this, the right thing to do is to throw a fit, telling me to go out through there alone, somehow open the entrance, and take you with me.]

At my words, Tetrasea gave an awkward laugh.

It was then that I realized this creature had some story I didn't know.

I first felt that sense of unease on the second day.

While I was eagerly making escape plans beside it, it seemed rather indifferent.

At first, I thought it was because it had given up hope of escape, but after talking more, I got the feeling that it didn't really want to escape at all.

And yet.

[No... I'm really okay. It just hurts, but I won't die...]

What in the world is that supposed to mean?

With a life like this, shouldn't it be begging for death?

This wasn't a phenomenon due to a difference in species either.

The Siren Queen was clearly heartbroken when she gave me a quest, asking me to grant it 'rest.'

'As expected, this doesn't make sense.'

An explorer who was among the first to reach the Sixth Floor had his fingernails pulled out for a few days and sought to forget the memory through death.

So why does this naive, innocent little monster cling to its will to live until the very end?

It couldn't simply be because it was mentally tough.

If it were that kind of creature, it would have been burning with the desire to escape even more.

[Alright, that's enough talk about escaping for today.]

[What? Already? There's still some time until lunch...]

[I just thought we could use a change of pace today.

Let's talk about something else.]

[I'd like that.]

[This conversation's topic is death.

Most people don't think about their own death.

That's why they believe they have a future and spend the present idly.

If you were to die tonight, how would you spend today?]

[... Suddenly?]

[Hey now, answer first.]

It was a question out of the blue, but Tetrasea thought about it seriously and gave its own answer.

[I think... I would just recall all my happy memories, one by one...]

Focusing on the past that's already gone...

Just the kind of answer I'd expect from this kid.

However...

[Wrong. The correct answer was to plant an apple tree.]

[Huh? There was a right answer to that question? No, in the first place, why is the answer an apple tree?]

[It's not about the apple tree.]

When I shook my head, Tetrasea looked at me as if I was spouting more nonsense.

Of course, regardless of that, I continued.

[What's important is the will to live and see tomorrow.]

[...]

[You're going to die tonight? Why accept that? You have to try to survive and see tomorrow, no matter what.]

Therefore, reminiscing about the past is the most terrible wrong answer in this world.

I spoke more firmly than ever before.

[To survive. That is the fate of one who is born, and you have just chosen to go against that fate.]

[...]

[But in reality, you have never once gone against that fate.

Even though a tomorrow more terrible than death awaits you every single day.]

[...]

[Why?]

Tetrasea couldn't answer my question for a long time.

I was a broad-minded adult, so I waited patiently for it to speak on its own.

However...

Beep!!

In the middle of it, lunch fell from the ceiling.

After that, we finished our meal in awkward silence.

A little later, the tub filled with water.

And then, the horrific screams that now made even my fists clench tightly filled the laboratory for a long time...

Only after such time had passed was I finally able to get an answer to my question.

[Because if I die, the treaty might be broken, and then the island could be in danger... My father told me I absolutely had to endure it...]

Hmm, hearing that, I can understand a little.

Literally, only 'a little.'

That alone is not a sufficient explanation.

[It seems your father had a vague idea of what would happen to you if you fell into the hands of the Imperial Army.

But why do you have to listen to the request of such a worthless bastard?]

[Ah...!]

Tetrasea cried out as if angered, then hesitated.

But perhaps seeing me looking down quietly made it decide to speak again.

[If I die...]

The creature's hands trembled.

On the back of its hand resting on the floor, tears it had never once shed despite the harsh torture formed like beads and fell.

[Next... my twin sibling will be dragged here.

I can't ever let that happen...!]

ГўВҖВўWhy did this creature have to become such a monster?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 892 ---

Chapter 892. First Playthrough (1)

The existence of a twin brother.

It was information I first learned through Tetrasea.

The Siren Queen never mentioned a word about his existence.

'Well, it's not like she had a reason to tell me, butГўВҖВҰ'

Still, it feels a bit infuriating.

Giving me such an absurd assassination quest, couldn't she at least have told me something like that?

'Perhaps she didn't think I would actually complete the quest.'

Let's think about it.

From the Queen's perspective, I'm just an ordinary person with no power.

But is it even possible for an ordinary person like that to assassinate the most important research subject in a restricted zone just by giving them an Imperial uniform and an identification badge?

No way.

The Queen probably knew that too.

But the reason she still entrusted me with the request was... 'It must be because of guilt.'

Right, the Queen didn't give me the quest because she was desperate enough to grasp at straws.

You know how it is.

I at least tried.

I tried to save him.

But it didn't work, so what could I do?

The Queen gave me the quest for her own comfort.

'The Empire and those monster bastards are equally disgusting.'

I clicked my tongue and turned my gaze.

There was a child suffering endless pain because of the disgusting affairs of adults.

.
[HahГўВҖВҰ hahГўВҖВҰ]

Tetrasea, who had just come out of the bath as part of his evening routine, lay collapsed as if he had fainted, barely managing to breathe.

It seemed like it would take quite a while before we could have a conversation...

'What should I do...'

I reviewed my plans for the future once again.

The Labyrinth will close in ten days.

However, logging out from my Alternate Character and re-entering with my main character at this point was a bit tricky.

I don't know what variables might arise, and it means I have to succeed with the mission within ten days.

'If I fail even with my main character, I might never be able to enter again.'

After much deliberation, I decided to scrap the plan to bring in my main character.

Right, since it's come to this, let's just do as much as I can with my Alternate Character.

Of course, there's not much I can do.

'For now, leading Tetrasea to a happy ending seems to be the clear condition, butГўВҖВҰ'

The first happy ending that came to mind was 'rest'.

If I kill this kid according to the quest the Queen gave me, that could also be a kind of happy ending.

But...

'The existence of his brother is what's holding me back.'

Would that really lead to a happy ending?

Not only did this new question arise, but I also had no way of killing Tetrasea in the first place.

I mean, it's obvious, right?

Even if he is immature, how could a Level 2 Peter kill a Rank 3 being like Stormgush with his bare fists?

[HooГўВҖВҰ]

My heart felt heavy, and I couldn't stop sighing.

If it were my main character, whose physical power was nearing its max, I would've just acted without all this thinking.

It seems when the body is weak, the mind has to work harder.

[ElfireГўВҖВҰ where are youГўВҖВҰ?]

[I'm here, so don't worry.]

[Th-that's a relief.

You were so quiet, I thought you had disappeared...]

[Of course not.

Didn't I tell you? I'm going to save you.]

[But Elfire, you're weak.]

[Hah, I'm just hiding my power for now, you know? I'm actually incredibly strong.

Strong enough to smash everything and save you if I put my mind to it.]

[HeheГўВҖВҰ I believe you.]

As I went over and stroked his head, Tetrasea fell asleep with a much more peaceful expression.

I looked down at him silently for a moment, then made my decision.

'Let's give it a try.'

There's nothing more I can find out by staying in this room anyway.

So, I closed my eyes.

And then...

BeepГўВҖВ”!

Morning of the 51st day in the Labyrinth.

The moment the dog food fell from the ceiling as it opened with a beep.

I put my escape plan into action.

***

The beginning of the escape plan was incredibly simple.

Wake up a little early and wait for a moment under the ceiling where the food drops.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

A sound similar to slot machine chips falling came from the ceiling.

In short, it meant the ceiling was about to open and the morning food would pour out.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

The skill I had ordered in advance was cast at the perfect moment.

ГЈВҖВҢTetrasea has cast [Dragon Vein].ГЈВҖВҚ

[Dragon Vein].

One of Stormgush's Supernatural Abilities.

A strong gust of air erupts from the ground below, and any explorer caught in it is launched into the air, their MP drained in proportion to the time they are airborne.

Ah, to put it simplyГўВҖВҰ

It meant I could reach the high ceiling in one go.

Of course, my MP took a bit of a hit in the process, but it didn't matter.

Level 2 Peter was a useless character with no skills to use anyway.

As I quickly entered the gap in the ceiling, the entrance got caught on my foot and couldn't close, making a noise.

When I lifted my foot slightly, the entrance, which had been opening and closing like an elevator door, finally shut.

[Just wait a bit! I'll be back to save you soon!]

[No! Like I said, even if it's just you, ElfireГўВҖВ”]

Tetrasea shouted something from below, but I didn't hear the rest as I moved along the passage.

A narrow passage, similar to an air vent.

It wasn't straight, and the slope was quite steep.

However, because the passage was just narrow enough for my body to fit snugly, I could move upward quickly without slipping.

There was no separate lock at the end of the passage.

The panel covering it simply pushed open from the inside, and I was finally able to get out.

The place I came out to was a small room.

I quickly turned my head left and right, checking the interior.

A table piled high with documents.

A bookshelf packed with thick books.

A white gown hanging on a coat rack.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[You, how did you get here!]

Weaky 2, the one who was forced to give me various warnings before throwing me into that laboratory.

The guy sitting at the table jumped up from his chair in shock, andГўВҖВҰ

[Salute!]

Before he could say anything else, I made the first move.

[My sincere apologies for disturbing your rest! However, a Level 1 emergency occurred in the laboratory, and I determined this was the only way to make contact without exposing information to Unit Alpha.]

[WhaГўВҖВҰ?]

After saluting according to Imperial military protocol, I quickly continued my report, causing Weaky 2 to frown.

The fear that had briefly appeared in his eyes when I suddenly popped out had now turned to anger.

For me, it was a positive reaction.

At least it meant he judged I wasn't an enemy.

[Who gave you the authority toГўВҖВҰ!]

Weaky 2, having maintained his position as a superior, exploded with anger at a subordinate's unexpected action, but I feigned ignorance.

[Yes? Since we discussed the escape several times while preparing for it, I assumed it would be recognized from the outside.

However, seeing the ceiling open without any other measures, I took it as tacit approval from the higher-upsГўВҖВҰ Weren't you continuously monitoring the inside?]

[ГўВҖВҰIt seems the assistant researchers were not paying attention.]

As Weaky 2 said that, his eyes were filled with killing intent.

Heh, once I'm gone, he's going to tear those kids apart, isn't he?

[So, what exactly is this Level 1 emergency?]

[Pardon? You haven't heard from the senior researcher?]

The senior researcher was the man I first met on the day I entered this restricted zone.

He was the original Weaky who looked like the top dog here.

[I have not.

What is it?]

[AhГўВҖВҰ] I trailed off, pretending to hesitate.

[In that case, I don't think I can tell you, chief researcher.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat?]

[Could you please call the senior researcher here right now? Ah, no, since time is of the essence, I will go.

Please guide me.]

[No, the senior researcher is not someone you can meet just because you want toГўВҖВ”.]

[He gave me the order directly himself!]

Weaky 2 looked at me with a complicated expression for a moment and sighed.

It was obvious what he was thinking.

He's probably wondering what to do about this.

And from my military experience, I knew the magic word that always works in these situations.

[No matter what you sayГўВҖВ”]

[Then please at least report it.

Also, I would like the chief researcher to officially state that I am not 'responsible' for the failure to immediately address the Level 1 emergency!]

After I basically said, 'Are you going to take responsibility?' Weaky 2 quickly made his decision.

[Alright, follow me.]

I followed Weaky 2 out the door and into the hallway, where Weaky 3 and 4 were rushing up the stairs.

[Ch-chief researcher! A subject other than Unit Alpha has escapedГўВҖВҰ Huk! A-are you alrightГўВҖВҰ!]

[It's fine.

Don't make a fuss.

It's something that happened during the experiment.]

[AhГўВҖВҰ! I-is that so? We weren't informed beforehandГўВҖВҰ]

[Tsk, even so, for the report to come this late.

Pathetic foolsГўВҖВҰ You two, report to my lab immediately after your shift ends.]

After that little incident that left the underlings with grim faces, we climbed the stairs and soon arrived at the original Weaky's laboratory.

A single knight stood in front of it like a gatekeeperГўВҖВҰ

Knock, knock.

A reply came from inside almost immediately.

[Who is it?]

[It's chief researcher Alberto.]

[Hmm, Alberto?]

[A Level 1 emergency has occurred, so I have come to report directly, despite the impoliteness.]

[ГўВҖВҰA Level 1 emergency? Come in for now.]

The Weaky beyond the door sounded like he had no idea what was going on, but thankfully, curiosity must have won out, because the door opened.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Private Soldier, Hans Elfire?]

Weaky tilted his head when he saw me.

From his perspective, he must be wondering why I'm here.

However, perhaps thinking I was related to the 'emergency situation' from the previous report, he didn't press further.

Of course, the chief researcher also had a confused look on his face, but again, I made the first move before he could say anything.

[Senior researcher, before I report on the emergency, could you please take a look at this?]

I extended my arm, and Weaky fixed his gaze on it.

[Right here, on my wrist.

Can't you see it?]

[ГўВҖВҰI don't know what you're talking about.]

[Please take a closer look.]

At my suggestion, the senior researcher scowled but leaned in closer to look at my wrist.

And thenГўВҖВҰ [Hmm, I don't know what you're talking about.

What is supposed to be there?]

[It's your mother.]

[What?] The senior researcher was about to raise his voice, asking what kind of nonsense that was.

Pow!

I clenched my fist and threw an uppercut.

I wasn't lying, though.

[ГўВҖВҰKeok!!] His head snapped back.

His consciousness wavered, and his eyes lost focus for a moment.

What was reflected in those two eyes must have been his dear mother.

***

A precise blow landed on Weaky's jaw.

At the same time, Weaky stumbled backward.

And in that instant.

Whoosh!

I dashed forward and caught the falling Weaky from behind.

At the same time, I pulled out the fountain pen I'd noticed earlier in his shirt pocket with one hand andГўВҖВ” Thwack!

ГўВҖВ”drove it right into one of his eyes.

Of course, I controlled my strength to some degree, because if it went straight to his brain, our dear Weaky would die on the spot.

My concentration reached its peak, and the world seemed to slow down a little.

[Aaaaaaaah!!!] Weaky screamed as the fountain pen was lodged in his eye.

[UhГўВҖВҰ uhГўВҖВҰ?] Weaky 2 was completely dumbfounded, his brain unable to process the situation.

Shing!

As the situation unfolded, the knight drew his menacingly gleaming sword.

It goes without saying, but the person I needed to be most wary of was the knight.

[Turn off the Aura, you bastard!]

[Aaaah! Aaaaaah!!]

[One more centimeter and it's the brain.

I guarantee you, he'll be dead before a Priest even gets here.]

The knight said nothing in response to my threat.

He must be weighing his options.

Unfortunately for him, that brief moment of hesitation was his fatal mistake.

[S-stop! That's an order! P-put down the sword, aaaaaah!!]

An order from a superior in a military system where the chain of command is absolute.

The knight glared at me as if he wanted to tear me to pieces before finally dropping his sword to the floor.

After that, everything went smoothly.

[Good, now everyone slowly come into the room and close the door.]

First, close the door so no one outside can see.

[Chief, you pick up the dropped sword and bring it here.]

Secure the weapon.

[Knight, you face the wall and kneel.

Chief, once he's kneeling, you put these on him.]

There were something like handcuffs in the lab, and as I was about to put them on the knight, he spoke for the first time.

[Senior researcher, please give another order.

Once the mana restraints are on, there will be no other way.]

Oh, mana restraints? I don't know what they are, but it seems that knight bastard won't be able to move once those cuffs are on himГўВҖВҰ

[He says.

What should we do, senior?]

[Agh! Th-that's an order! Do as he says, aaaaaah!!]

[He says.]

In the end, the knight was cuffed by the chief researcher's hands, and I immediately swung the sword at the knight's neck.

Ah, only about a third of the way through.

I swung with the intention of cutting his head clean off, but the blade didn't go all the way through.

It definitely didn't feel like it hit a bone.

'Imperial Knights are pretty tough.'

Still, there was no problem in killing him.

After all, a human's limit is dying when their neck is cut about a third of the way through.

A little more time passed with blood gushing from the open wound, and the knight went limp.

And so, the first phase of the situation was over.

[ГўВҖВҰY-you bastard! Do you really think you'll get away with thisГўВҖВҰ!]

Ah, this guy was still here. [ГўВҖВҰUt!]

Weaky 2, who had been shouting at me, suddenly shut his mouth as if he sensed something was wrong.

Of course, that wouldn't make me change my mind.

Thwack!

Weaky 2's flesh was incredibly soft compared to the knight's, and as he collapsed, peace finally arrived.

Although the room was still filled with the smell of blood.

Isn't that how peace is established, anyway?

[Now thenГўВҖВҰ]

.

I then graciously sat Weaky, the one with a fountain pen in his eye, down in a chair.

[Now, shall we have a little chat?]

Level 2 Peter had so many questions.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 893 ---

Chapter 893. First Playthrough (2)

Before the interrogation began in earnest.

First, I decided to check what I had on hand.

A bottle of potion was essential, even for a humane interrogation.

[Do you have any potions?]

The skinny man, who had a fountain pen stuck in his eye, answered the question cooperatively.

Instead of speaking, as his voice wouldn't come out properly, he raised a hand and pointed to the knight...

'Oh.'

Sure enough, when I searched the knight, I found three bottles of potion.

With that, my worries about a humane interrogation were over.

I was just about to return to the skinny man.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, the body of the second skinny man lying on the floor turned into particles of light and vanished.

What, was he still alive?

I thought it was the kind of death that left a corpse, like the Unranked monster, the Dead men.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated the Imperial Chief Researcher. EXP +4ГЈВҖВҚ

It seemed I had gained experience points as well.

Quite a lot of them.

Hmm, with the second skinny man's combat power, shouldn't he have been Ninth Rank?

It was a point I couldn't quite understand, but the real question lay elsewhere.

Swish.

I hurriedly turned my head towards the knight.

The second skinny man had turned into light and vanished, so why was this one's corpse still here?

Could it be that he's alive?

'No.'

That's definitely not it.

I had checked again while searching him; the knight was one hundred percent dead.

The reason his corpse remained was...

'Is it because of the mana restraints?'

Somehow, I felt the cause was the cuffs I had put on him before killing him.

After all, there was no other difference between them.

Well, as a result, I'd gotten an effect similar to 'Distortion' and was able to loot the potions,

'First, the important things.'

I didn't know how much time I had for this peaceful interrogation, so I put the minor questions aside.

I had to act quickly to resolve all of Level 2 Peter's questions.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

After strongly pressing my hand over the mouth of the skinny man with the fountain pen in his eyeГўВҖВ”.

Pluck!

The moment I pulled out the fountain pen, the skinny man convulsed as if he'd been struck by lightning.

The more he did, the harder I pressed on his mouth.

Of course, the soundproofing in this laboratory seemed to be of the highest quality.

But you never know, right?

[Mmph! Mmmph, mmmmph...!!!]

I didn't want anyone to disturb our intimate time together.

[The wound is severe.]

Sssss!

[... Mmmph!! Gck! Gk-gk!!!]

I finished my treatment by dripping a little potion into the wound where the pen had been.

Well, it's not an injury that will be completely healed by a few drops...

As someone who has been injured in all sorts of places and has personally drunk thousands of potions, I can guarantee it.

A person doesn't die from something like this.

'If he doesn't seem to listen, I can just drop a little potion each time...'

I smiled in great satisfaction.

For with this, the conditions were met for a super-humanitarian, Geneva-style interrogation, where information is obtained through 'treatment', not torture.

[First question.]

I slowly released the hand that was covering the skinny man's mouth.

***

A vending machine.

A simple machine where you insert a coin and press a button, and it drops the item you want.

As a child, I really liked vending machines.

Because vending machines were always in the same place and always gave back as much as I put in.

'Well, the vending machine in the hospital lobby was old and would sometimes eat my money...'

Actually, I even liked that part.

If I went and told the maintenance man who came every Monday, he would give me back double without asking any questions.

To my younger self, a vending machine was an object that symbolized immutability, certainty, and even a little bit of luck.

'I miss it.'

The reason I recalled such a vending machine after so long in this distant, otherworldly labyrinth was simple.

The skinny man was just like a vending machine.

Instead of a coin, you put in a potion, and if you ask a question you're curious about, it gives you the answer you want.

Just like this.

[Tell me in detail about the experiment you are conducting.

Why did you bring Alpha here, even going so far as to make a treaty, and why am I needed?]

[O-one... hundred...!]

Ah, I haven't put the coin in yet.

Sssss!

After I dripped a few drops of potion on the wound, the answers came pouring out after a short moment of screaming.

[W-we are people from the Panthelion Research Institute! Naturally, our purpose is one! To create a weapon powerful enough to lead the Empire to victory in this war!]

The Panthelion Research Institute...

According to the information obtained on the Underground First Floor, that place researched monsters and created living weapons.

'So they weren't part of the military.'

Looking at it now, it seemed the researchers had mobilized the army for their research.

That's probably why the soldiers were so flustered around the researchers.

[So how were you planning to make that weapon?]

[Th-that is... ...!]

Ah, I need to insert another coin.

As I thought that and picked up the potion, what was this?

The answering vending machine gave the answer to the question without even receiving a coin.

[As a result of researching the 'Engraving' permitted only to a few pilgrims, it was confirmed that the Supernatural Abilities of monsters are engraved not on the body but on the soul.

Our advance research team was dispatched to this island for an experiment to transplant the power contained in that soul.]

What is it? A bug?

Why is it answering when I didn't even put in a coin?

I don't know for sure, but a truly great player would think of exploiting a bug before fixing it.

[No, so how do you transfer it?]

[Premise 1, the monster's soul shows a strong bond with the Earth Mother, so attrition of the soul is necessary for transplantation.

Premise 2, also the subject mustГўВҖВ”.]

[There you go again, talking in terms only you understand.

You want to get hurt?]

[...]

[From now on, explain everything simply.

So that even a child can understand.]

The answering vending machine, looking at me with my obvious human appearance, clicked its tongue as if I were uncivilized, but it obediently complied with the request.

[One, continuously expose Alpha to extreme situations to weaken... no, to exhaust its soul.

Two, pair it with a suitable subject to increase the synchronization rate...

Three, use a new drug developed at the research institute to transplant Alpha's power into the subject.]

The explanation was much more concise than before.

But I wasn't quite satisfied.

'Instead of explaining words like 'weaken', he should be properly explaining the proper nouns only he knows.'

[What's the synchronization rate?]

[The more the test subject empathizes with, feels close to, and relies on the target subject, the weaker its bond with the Earth Mother becomes, and the success rate of the transplant also increases.]

Right, so that's what he was calling the synchronization rate.

[Why was Tetrasea chosen as the test subject?]

[Alpha's individual name is Stormgush.

It can fully recover with just seawater, so its body can withstand the attrition of its soul.]

[Oh, is that so?]

Some of my questions were answered, but as my knowledge grew, so did new questions.

[But you mentioned a success rate earlier? Does that mean the experiment has already succeeded before?]

[ГўВҖВҰThat's right.

Commercialization is still a long way off, but the soldiers who have successfully undergone the transplant have already proven their potential as living weapons by playing an active role on the battlefield.]

[Then why come all the way here to repeat an experiment that has already succeeded?]

[One, the research institute rated the Supernatural Ability possessed by Stormgush very highly.

They believed that with that ability, they could create an invincible navy.]

[If there's a one, there must be a two?]

[ГўВҖВҰIt is research on the subject.

All those who have succeeded in the transplant so far were those who had taken the MKS-017... elixir and were already half-monsterified.

For commercialization, a successful case of transplantation into an ordinary subject was needed.]

To put it simply, the main focus of the experiment was transplanting a Supernatural Ability into an ordinary Peter, rather than extracting Tetrasea's Supernatural Ability.

[What were you going to do if I failed?]

[Bring in a new subject and repeat until the experiment succeeds.

Of course, each time we had to use LT-4 to erase Alpha's memory to reset the synchronization rate.]

Memory removal...

Suddenly, something bothered me, and I asked without thinking.

[Are you perhaps talking about the Blessing of Lethe?]

[How do you know the name of that project? Who in the world are you?]

Ha, so they were really the ones who first created this too?

Seriously, if there's anything weird, you just have to blame the Empire.

***

After a brief silence, I once again continued the humane interrogation.

[Never mind who I am.

So, what number was I?]

[.....?]

[What number subject was I? I couldn't have been the first.]

[The 127th subject.]

[All the numbers before me died, and that's why it was my turn, huh?]

Now I understand the situation.

Why Tetrasea was being tortured, and why I, who was nothing more than an ordinary Imperial soldier, was dragged here.

However, if there was still an unresolved question..

[Why does Tetrasea turn into a monster?]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat are you talking about? That thing is already a monster.]

Well, that's not wrong.

But there are levels to monsters.

What on earth happened for a Third-Rank monster to evolve into a Floor Lord?

Somehow, I feel like that's the key to this place.

But...

[Alpha becoming a Lord-level entityГўВҖВҰ The experiment we're conducting is not like that.]

Even though I voiced my question more specifically, the guy shook his head firmly.

[It seems you're speaking with the Dreadfear case in mind, but that project was scrapped after that incident.

There is no risk of mutation phenomena in the transplant experiments.]

Hmm, no matter how much he says that...

In reality, Tetrasea did become a Lord.

And not just any Lord, but the Lord of the Sixth Floor's Great Sea, with the nickname 'Tears'.

'There must have been some kind of incident...?'

What could it be?

For now, at least, it seems this guy doesn't know the answer.

However, I decided to continue the interrogation a bit longer.

I might be able to get a clue, and besides, there was something I was personally curious about.

[Are researchers usually this weak?]

How was the second skinny man, who was just at the level of an ordinary person, not Ninth Rank?

The skinny man shouted as if wronged by my words.

[ГўВҖВҰNo way! The researchers from Panthelion are all top-tier talents with magi-tech chips inserted! The Chief's rank is lower than mine, but he could still put a hole in your head with a single gestureГўВҖВ”.]

[Huh? But he couldn't, could he?]

[ГўВҖВҰInside the experimental base, the magi-tech chips are locked in an inactive state to prevent any potential accidents.

Therefore, the magi-tech weapons inserted in the chips also cannot be summoned.

If it weren't for that... ...!]

Ah, so that's how it was.

Listening closely, the magi-tech chip seems to be a kind of pocket dimension.

Do the researchers fight with the state-of-the-art weapons contained in there?

'Come to think of it, there were a lot of mechanical monsters there too...'

The Panthelion Ruins on the Seventh Floor was one of the few areas in [Dungeon & Stone] where 'mechanical-type' monsters appeared.

[But still, that's a bit strange, isn't it? For a regular researcher, maybe, but shouldn't someone at the director level have their authority activated to prepare for any potential incidents?]

[Ah, so there's a rank higher than yours?]

After talking a bit more, I found out the skinny man wasn't the top dog here.

There's a Chief Researcher, a rank higher than a senior researcher?

Well, it seems he's currently away.

[Good.

That means there's no one to stop your orders for now.]

Alright then, shall I use this guy to call our little Tearjerker here firstГўВҖВҰ.

I was just setting the detailed plan with that in mind.

WEEEEEEEEEEEEEГўВҖВ”!!!

An obviously unusual alarm sound blared throughout the entire building.

I could tell just by listening.

This is at least a Rank 1 emergency situation!

'What in the world is causing this...!?'

Ah, is it me?

The thought crossed my mind, but I figured that wasn't it.

Because if it were because of me, the door would have opened and soldiers would have stormed in before the siren went off.

Fortunately, for now, the cause is likely an external factor, not me.

However, the problem isГўВҖВҰ.

...in that case, this place isn't safe either.ГўВҖВқ

Since it's an emergency, the researchers and knights will surely head to this room to look after the senior researcher.

WEEEEEEEEEEEEEГўВҖВ”!!!

From now on, I have to move fast.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 894 ---

Chapter 894: First Playthrough (3)

WEEEEEEHГўВҖВ”!!

A Level 1 emergency began with an alarm so loud it made my ears hurt.

If I just stayed put, Level 2 Peter would probably be subdued by the researchers and knights who came looking for the weakling, unable to do a thing.

Therefore, from now on, time was gold.

Having quickly made my decision, I hurriedly checked only a few things.

[Are there building blueprints?]

[You think thereГўВҖВҷd be something like that! More importantly, let me go now! DidnГўВҖВҷt I answer everything you wanted!]

Hmph, so there aren't any.

It would have been helpful if I could have checked the escape route beforehand.

[The key to the laboratory where Unit Alpha is trapped?]

Was it because the siren blared, giving him hope of rescue? The weakling ended his answer-vending-machine mode and remained silent.

What a truly useless effort.

Time was tight, so I didn't have the leisure to use potions...

[Aargh! Ack! Let, let go!]

But were potions the only way to inflict pain?

From what I'd observed, this weakling had a very low threshold for pain.

[Here! It's here, so I said let go...!]

Hmph, for a guy who performs inhumane experiments on others without batting an eye.

Making a fuss over just having his sideburns pulled.

[...

If you've gotten everything you want, then get the hell out!]

The weakling said, looking at me with eyes full of venom, and I tilted my head.

[There's still one thing left.]

[Hmph, then ask quickly.

I'll tell you the truth, whatever it is.

I'm sick and tired of you nowГўВҖВ”]

Well, I never said it was a question this time either.

Stab!

The sword that had dealt with the knight and the chief researcher now pierced the weakling's fragile neck.

[Gak, gack...!]

The weakling coughed up blood, his neck pierced.

Even watching it, I didn't feel particularly good.

[Maybe it's because it's a sword, but there's no satisfying feel to it.]

Yep, the best feeling of impact comes from a heavy blunt weapon.

I have no idea what fun swordsmen get out of using these things.

Just as I was thinking that.

Swoosh.

The weakling's body turned into particles of light and vanished from the world.

Everything, including the clothes he was wearing and his glasses.

You have defeated an Imperial Senior Researcher.

EXP +6.

For a moment, I was pleased with the amount of experience, which was ridiculously high for the difficulty.

Then, I was startled and checked the keycard I had taken beforehand.

"..."

Fortunately, this didn't disappear.

Was it because I had taken it in advance?

Or was it just an essential item for quest progression?

'Probably the latter.'

Even if you snatched it during battle and then killed them, an Orc Warrior's axe wouldn't remain in the world.

Unless you had cast 'Distortion' magic on it.

Thump, thump.

Having finished my preparations to leave by dealing with the weakling, I composed my breath before opening the door and stepping into the hallway.

From now on, is it really all about improvising...?

The original plan was to use the weakling in various ways to help Tetrasea escape, but that plan was now useless.

Not only had I learned of the existence of someone of a higher rank than the weakling, but it had also been confirmed that the weakling gained power just by activating his magiГўВҖВ‘tech chips.

'Well, I found out everything I needed to know anyway.'

Right, let's not get stressed.

So what if I fail here?

Just getting this far with an alternate character is a great achievement in itself.

I felt like I could complete the puzzle soon if I just got a few more key pieces.

Even if I don't get those pieces this time, I can just continue with my main character next time.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Bang!

I manfully kicked the door open and stepped out into the hallway.

The empty hallway was filled only with the loud blare of the siren.

'Okay, no one here for now...?'

I quickly went down the central stairs.

As I did, I saw a group of researchers coming up from below.

There were two of them.

[Huh?]

They were familiar faces.

They were the ones who had met the chief researcher earlier and gotten chewed out.

[You, you're...?]

Why are you alone?

What happened to the chief researcher?

Before such questions could follow, I struck first.

[An attack! It's an attack! Please request backup as quickly as possible!]

[What...?]

[The chief researcher has been struck down! Hurry and go to his room!]

[Damn it...! What in the world is happening...?! I understand.

I'll request back... no, wait a minute.]

Just when I thought I had gotten away with it, the researcher's eyes turned to one spot.

It was the sword I was holding.

The 'knight's' item I had brought for self-defense, already drenched in crimson blood.

[Ah.]

I made a swift decision.

Even for me, this would be hard to explain away.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

Slice!

I immediately slashed the throat of the one in front, and in a continuous motion, I roughly thrust the sword into the torso of the one beside him.

Stab!

Hmm, I thought this would be around the heart.

[You, you bastard...!!]

It must not have been a fatal wound, as the researcher grabbed my arm and shot me a venomous glare.

Swords are definitely a bit difficult.

If it were a hammer, his head would have been crushed long ago, and he wouldn't even be able to speak properly.

Thud!

Using the tactical advantage of being higher up on the stairs, I kicked his torso.

The sword slid out, and the researcher's body tumbled down.

And...

Boom!

His body went limp as the back of his head slammed hard against the wall.

I quickly went down the stairs to deliver the finishing blow.

You have defeated an Imperial Researcher.

EXP +3.

You have defeated an Imperial Researcher.

Phew, how much experience have I gained so far?

I can't calculate it because I don't know their exact rank.

I have a feeling I've accumulated quite a bit, but I don't know why I keep gaining experience.

'Alternate characters aren't supposed to be for combat...'

"Well, this must be my karma."

By now, the Barbarian way was deeply engraved in my soul.

Better to have a sore body than a sore head.

[Tesik, I'm here!]

I rushed down to the basement and opened the laboratory where Tetrasea was imprisoned with the keycard.

[E-Elfire? What's going on! And what's with Tesik!]

[I told you I'd come to rescue you.

I'll explain later, so for now...! Hmm, first, we need to do something about those stakes.]

After that, I laid down baby Tetrasea, or Tesik for short, and grunted and groaned as I tried to pull out the stakes.

But...

[Aaaaah...!! S-stop!]

For some reason, the stakes showed no sign of coming out.

It was as if the stakes had become one with her body.

Argh, why didn't I think of this?

I should have asked how to remove these stakes too!

Just as that regret belatedly washed over me.

[Host! Stop! What are you doing!]

Hearing a voice from the doorway, I hurriedly turned around to see a stout man in a white gown standing there.

I first checked the title embroidered on the gown and saw his rank was a regular researcher.

'Is this research institute filled with only fat guys and skinny guys?'

I felt that question arise, but I quickly saluted him.

[Loyalty! Welcome, Researcher! Please, help me!]

[Explain the situation first, host! What were you just doing? Where on earth are the other researchers?]

[That's what I'd like to ask! The chief researcher ordered me to come down here and get Unit Alpha as soon as the emergency situation occurred, but... when I got here, there was no one around!]

[What...?]

[To follow the chief researcher's orders, I first need to remove these stakes and take her to the surface, but all the other researchers have disappeared, and I was wondering what to do!]

As I shouted out of feigned frustration, the stout man seemed to think for a moment while looking at me, then quietly asked back.

[It seems they all evacuated as soon as the alarm went off.

The chief researcher ordered you, you say...?]

That's right, he's falling for it.

Maybe because they're crazy about research all day, they're all pretty slow on the uptake in matters like this.

WEEEEEEEEH!

Well, the disorienting siren sound probably contributed to his misjudgment, but...

[I came down because I was worried about Unit Alpha even while trying to evacuate.

This is good.

Move aside! You stupid soldier.

That's not something the likes of you can undo, no matter how hard you try!]

[Ah, yes...!]

As I briskly and properly stepped aside, the stout man began operating the machines outside the laboratory.

AndГўВҖВҰ

WooooongГўВҖВ”

After a short while, the three stakes that I couldn't pull out no matter how much I strained turned into particles of light and disappeared.

What in the world is the principle behind this?

I was curious, but first, I had to do what needed to be done.

[Huhu, how about that? This is the latest magi-tech from the Panthelion Research Institute...

Keoheok!]

You have defeated an Imperial Researcher.

Phew, how many kills have I gotten with this sword?

I just stab and stab, and they drop dead.

It doesn't feel real.

By the time I came to my senses, I had become a murderer.

'A sword is truly a terrifying weapon...?'

If I keep swinging this sword, I'm sure I'll eventually become a sword demon, a psychopath mad with slaughter...

[Elfire? What are you doing?]

[I was so scared I wanted to cry like a child.]

[Ah...

I see.

Th-thank you...

I never expected you to really come back...]

[Anyway, let's get out of here now.]

[I-I'm sorry, but...

I don't think I can go.]

[Huh?]

[... I can't move at all because of my wounds.]

Ah, is that all?

[I'm sorry.

Elfire, you should leave first.

If you're any laterГўВҖВ”]

[This blood is making me feel grimy.

I should take a bath before we leave.

Ah, and you're coming with me, of course.]

Not allowing any objections, I dragged the limp Tesik on the floor, put her in the central bathtub, and then soaked myself on the opposite side.

[Why. Why are you going this far... for me?]

[Just because.]

[What...?]

[I just felt like it.]

After giving a rough answer, I was enjoying the cool sea water when I suddenly heard sniffling from in front of me.

I looked ahead and saw Tesik with her head bowed so low that her long snout touched the sea water.

[... Thank you. Elfire. For pitying me when even I had given up on myself.]

Hmm, I'm not sure, but... wouldn't the synchronization rate have hit 100% by now?

Well, it's not like I'm going to receive the transplant, so it's meaningless.

[Ugh, this is refreshing...]

[Yes... indeed.]

It wasn't a particularly leisurely time, but since escaping alone was pointless, I enjoyed the bath until Tesik had recovered to some extent.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Now then, have you prepared your heart in the meantime?]

[Yes... I want to try. I want to be selfish. Why should I be the only one in pain? I don't want that anymore.]

[Good, seems like you're well prepared.]

Shall we head out now?

Thump.

Just as I took a monumental first step with Tesik.

Swoooooooosh!!

Water poured down from the stairs above like a waterfall.

***

There was one thing I realized after bathing in the basement for about five minutes.

'This is no ordinary situation.'

My cries proclaiming a Level 1 emergency were no longer a joke.

I mean, come on.

I enjoyed a half-body bath for 15 minutes in this situation, and during that time, the only one who came down here was that first stout man...

'And now a flood.'

Did a water pipe that drew in sea water burst or something?

The exact reason wasn't confirmed, but the important thing was to get out of here quickly.

If this speed was maintained, it wouldn't take long for the entire basement to be submerged.

[D-did you do this too, Elfire?]

[What do you think I am, some kind of god? Just watch my back and follow me carefully, understand?]

[Yes!]

I spoke confidently, but in the end, the research institute escape event was carried by Tesik.

I mean, the water pressure was so strong that I couldn't break through and go up.

It was impossible with Level 2 Peter's strength and body weight, and from then on, Tesik had to clear the path.

What did I do during that time?

All I did was cling tightly to Tesik's back to keep from falling off.

Ruuuumble! Ruuuuuumble!!

With each floor we climbed, the entire building shook intermittently as if an earthquake had occurred.

And the intensity of the shaking grew stronger as we got closer to the surface.

'What in the world is this situation?'

I only found the answer to that question when we reached the first floor.

Boom! Boom!

A loud roar, as if something was exploding.

[Uwaaaaaaah!!]

A scream that burst out at the end of a life.

I had a rough idea from the fact that the water on the first floor was already waist-deep, but the scene outside, witnessed through the shattered outer wall of the building, was hell.

This restricted zone where the research institute was located was supposed to be on high ground in the center of the island.

Swoooooooosh!

Waves were crashing in front of the building.

As if the entire building had been teleported into the middle of the ocean.

'So they didn't even care about what was happening below because of this mess...?'

I, who had been frozen in a daze, came to my senses at the presence of people I felt from above.

Focusing on the sounds, it seemed like quite a few people were gathered on the upper floor...

To grasp the situation, I left Tesik on the first floor and went up to the second.

There, I was able to hear the circumstances from the researchers and soldiers gathered there.

[The Sea God of Calamity! The Sea God of Calamity has attacked!]

The God of the Sea is enraged.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 895 ---

Chapter 895: First Playthrough (4)

The Sea God of Calamity, Leviathan.

A Rank 1 monster that appeared only on the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea, and a monster among monsters that I had to try hundreds of times to defeat on my first kill when I played the game.

ГўВҖВҳGetting the right stats was a problem, but it took an incredibly long time to figure out the gimmick.ГўВҖВҷ

From the Sixth Floor onward, the Floor Lord was also treated as having the same difficulty as a Rank 1 monster, but I actually considered Leviathan to be a higher tier than the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea.

Not all Rank 1 monsters are the same.

There were upper and lower tiers, and that Leviathan was a monster that clearly belonged to the upper tier among the Rank 1s.

I approached the man among the people gathered by the window who seemed the most friendly.

[If you donГўВҖВҷt mind, could I know the detailed situation?]

[What is your name and rank?]

[Private Soldier, Elfire.]

[A Private SoldierГўВҖВҰ?]

The bald man with a gentle impression suddenly changed his gaze.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt a feeling of looking down on a Private Soldier, but more like, why on earth is a Private Soldier here?

[I was transferred to the research department a few days ago to assist the researchers with their experiments.

When things went wrong, I just barely escaped a moment ago, so I am not aware of the situation.]

[Hmm, is that so?]

At the mention of being a test subject, the man finally withdrew his suspicious gaze and showed a hint of pity.

He understood the true meaning that although I said I was helping with experiments, I had ultimately been brought here as a test subject.

[I have no obligation to explain the situation to a subordinate like you, but your situation is quite pitiful, so IГўВҖВҷll give you a rough idea.

I hope you listen well so I donГўВҖВҷt have to repeat myself.]

[Yes, I will listen with all my might.]

[Unfortunately, the treaty was broken during the Second Agreement due to the monstersГўВҖВҷ resistance.

The enraged Chief Researcher set Parune Island ablaze, which ultimately led to that terrible monster invading.]

Second Agreement.

The reason the treaty was broken.

The Chief Researcher and the burning Parune Island.

There were so many keywords I wanted to ask about, but I endured with superhuman patience.

It didnГўВҖВҷt seem like he would answer even if I asked.

[Hah! Thank you for kindly explaining even to a mere subordinate like me!]

I just saluted with infinite gratitude, and the bald man looked at me with a slightly more favorable gaze.

[Oho, a young man with rare discipline.]

[Our resolve! We are the Imperial Army, loyal to His Majesty the Great Emperor! We shall defend Imperialism and become the workhorses of unification! Moreover, we shall abide by the laws and obey the orders of our superiors!]

[Huh? What is that?]

[It is the conviction and resolve that I, Private Soldier Elfire, have cherished in my heart my whole life!]

[Hmm? But why do you say ГўВҖВҳweГўВҖВҷ and not ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷ?]

[Because I believe that all soldiers loyal to the Empire share the same heart as me!]

[WhatГўВҖВҰ? Hah! Hahahaha!!]

As if he was very pleased with the Private SoldierГўВҖВҷs little show, the bald man even laughed out loud, drawing the attention of the surrounding soldiers.

There was surprise in their gazes.

WhatГўВҖВҷs this? I did feel some glances from over here earlier.

[A very likable fellow.

From now on, whatever happens, try to stay by my side as much as possible.

Then you will be safe.]

Is this old man famous?

[Hah! I appreciate the consideration, but as a proud son and soldier of the Empire, I must inform you in advance that if the moment comes when this insignificant life is needed for the glory of the Empire, I have no choice but to rush forward!]

I laid the groundwork, worried that getting tied to this old man would make it impossible for me to move freely.

However, did that make him like me even more?

The bald man burst out laughing once more, then patted my shoulder and revealed his name without being asked.

[You said you were Private Soldier Elfire? A very amusing yet admirable fellow.

ItГўВҖВҷs a pleasure to meet you like this.

I am Lieutenant General Berzak of the 1st Special Task Force.]

At those words, I froze on the spot.

Lieutenant General.

Leaving aside the fact that it was a general-grade rank, comparable to a brigadier general in modern ranks.

[......?]

Berzak, you sayГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?

***

Berzak.

Another Floor Lord of the First Floor, with the nickname, Lord of the Abyss.

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs no way heГўВҖВҷs just someone with the same name.ГўВҖВҷ

I immediately discarded the possibility that was hard even for me to accept.

It would be different if he were a common soldier, but this man was a high-ranking military officer of general grade.

[Haha, I thought you were a spirited fellow, but it seems thatГўВҖВҷs not the case?]

I froze because of the ГўВҖВҳnameГўВҖВҷ, but I let that part pass without making it obvious.

[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰI will correct myself!]

[No need for that.

I didnГўВҖВҷt mean to scold you.]

Agh, just how many hidden elements are on this island?

I didnГўВҖВҷt know, but my gaze upon Berzak was bound to be filled with even more thoughts.

ГўВҖВҳThis bald old man becomes the Lord of the AbyssГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

No matter how I looked at him, it just didnГўВҖВҷt match.

Kwwwaaaaaaaang-!

Hearing a sudden explosion from outside, I looked out the window and saw a giant dragon soaring out of the water in the distance.

Its body was so massive that it made the observer lose their sense of distance.

[Grooooooooar-!!!]

A howl filled with so much anger that the air vibrated and waves rose.

As far as I knew, the Imperial Army couldnГўВҖВҷt stop that monster.

I mean, how could they defeat something I couldnГўВҖВҷt even with all the Anabada Clan members I had in the underground?

ГўВҖВҳThen if I just stay still, will the Imperial Army be taken care of on their own and my quest will be automatically cleared?ГўВҖВҷ

While such a hopeful future was faintly visible, unfortunately, there were still quite a few unsettling points.

For exampleГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIt must be this old man.ГўВҖВҷ

Berzak.

It wasn't that I was already intimidated by his name, but the expression on his face right now was what made me uneasy.

Standing in front of the window, watching the Sea God of Calamity, Leviathan, this manГўВҖВҷs eyes held no fear.

Of course, it could be because he was a seasoned soldier whose fear had been removedГўВҖВҰ

[Haha, everyone, don't worry.

Is Iron Man the kind of man to be defeated so easily?]

The moment Berzak leisurely chuckled, as if to soothe the soldiers on the second floor.

The basis for his confidence shot up from under the sea.

Pshuuuuut!

A flash of blue light shot out, vaporizing the seawater.

No, should I call this a beam?

Leviathan, exposed to the beam for about three seconds, writhed and roared as if in pain.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Kwaaang-!

Something that shot out of the water like lightning collided with LeviathanГўВҖВҷs body, creating a massive shockwave.

And it happened again in succession.

Kwaang! Kwaang! Kwaang-!

Leviathan staggered each time a roar erupted as if it were being hit by a barrage of punches from left and right.

At this, the soldiers gathered at the window let out exclamations of their own.

[IndeedГўВҖВҰ thatГўВҖВҷs the Chief Researcher of the Panthelion Research InstituteГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

[The nickname Iron Man is an understatement.]

[At my level, itГўВҖВҷs hard to even properly follow his movements without concentrating.]

Hearing that, I also focused my eyes and saw a flying object buzzing around Leviathan like a fly.

And there wasnГўВҖВҷt just one, but dozens of them.

[I was curious how well researchers would fight on the battlefield, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ]

Are those all researchers?

No wonder I couldnГўВҖВҷt see a single researcher on the second floor of this building.

[It's not a direct fighting style like Iron Man, but I heard they control them from a distance.

I also heard thereГўВҖВҷs a flaw that they have to be relatively close to achieve maximum output.]

[ButГўВҖВҰ even so, it seems they are at least able to assist Iron Man without holding him back.]

[Well, at this rate, there will be no place for us to stand.]

[That won't be the case.

I heard the cost for each one of them is nothing short of astronomical.]

Perhaps the senior researcher was among them.

No, if I had been just a little late in finishing the interrogation and dealing with him, that surely would have been the case.

Thump-!

The sense of unease that had been formless was gradually taking shape.

[Colonel! ShouldnГўВҖВҷt we be joining the battle soon?]

ThatГўВҖВҷs right.

They were not afraid at all.

Even though a Rank 1 monster was wrecking the place.

[Yes. If we just stand by and watch, those research freaks will take all the credit!]

None of them thought of defeat.

Their attitude was as if victory was already certain.

But it didnГўВҖВҷt feel like arrogance.

After all, the performance shown by that Iron Man or whatever was at least Rank 2.

Maybe even Rank 1, and,

ГўВҖВҳAt this rate, we might actually loseГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, the battle was still in its early stages.

There was probably a lot of time left until the raid ended and a winner was decided.

But as long as LeviathanГўВҖВҷs victory wasnГўВҖВҷt guaranteed, I couldnГўВҖВҷt just sit back and watch with peace of mind.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

[Hm? Where are you going? Leaving such a rare spectacle.]

[Watching such a great battle must have made me nervous without realizing it.

My stomach has started to hurt.]

[Tsk, you could just hold it in or rinse it in the water.]

What is this crazy bald old man saying?

I made a suitable excuse and left the second floor, and the soldiers, including Berzak, were so engrossed in watching the raid that they paid me no attention.

Splash, splash.

When I descended to the first floor, which was already flooded up to my shoulders, Tesik, who had been submerged below, popped his head out.

[ElfireГўВҖВҰ!]

[Shh! Be quiet.]

[?]

[Because we have to get out of here right now.]

ГЈВғВ»This isnГўВҖВҷt a stage for a Level 2 Warrior to meddle in.

***

Getting out of the research base was easier than I thought.

All I had to do was hang onto TesikГўВҖВҷs back as he swam and hold on tight so I wouldnГўВҖВҷt fall off.

Of course, Peter didnГўВҖВҷt have the ability to breathe underwater, so he had no choice but to expose his upper body like a shark fin while moving through the water.

ГўВҖВҳStill, is it a huge relief that Berzak didnГўВҖВҷt catch me until I left the baseГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Well, that old man has probably noticed something is strange by now.

But what can I do?

HeГўВҖВҷll just think I went to the bathroom and got caught up in something.

He wonГўВҖВҷt come looking for just one person like me.

Shwaaaaaaah!

We cut through the waves and moved forward quickly.

[Tesik, faster!]

[This is already maximum speedГўВҖВҰ! No, more importantly, why do you keep calling me Tesik?]

Our final destination was Parune Island, but for now, our direction was the complete opposite.

Because if we moved in a straight line, we would have to pass through that insane-scale battlefield.

Sometimes, taking the long way around is the fastest path.

ГўВҖВҳHa, I thought it seemed a bit easy.ГўВҖВҷ

Now that I see it, this isnГўВҖВҷt the difficulty of the Sixth Floor.

Indeed, if it was just the Sixth FloorГўВҖВҷs difficulty, they wouldnГўВҖВҷt have given the advantage of only losing memories upon death.

[Dungeon & Stone] was a game far from kind.

ГўВҖВҳEven so, how can there be a boss that is at least Rank 2 or higher?ГўВҖВҷ

From what IГўВҖВҷve seen, the Chief Researcher, Iron Man, is the final boss of this map.

Hmm, thereГўВҖВҷs also a possibility it could be Berzak.

But I havenГўВҖВҷt confirmed that old manГўВҖВҷs combat power directly yet.

ГўВҖВҳWhew, anyway, if I had come with my main character without knowing thisГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Just thinking about it was dizzying.

Facing a Rank 1 monster without proper preparation was nothing short of a disaster.

So for now, letГўВҖВҷs go to Parune Island.

Even though I rescued him instead of assassinating him, he might give me some kind of hidden reward.

Even if thereГўВҖВҷs no reward, I should be able to get some information.

Yes, letГўВҖВҷs just find that out and be done.

If my prediction is correct, this place, which the advance parties named ГўВҖВҳTwin IslandsГўВҖВҷГўВҖВ”.

My thoughts had just reached that point.

[Huh? Why did you suddenly stop?]

Suddenly, Tesik stopped swimming.

No, to be precise, it wasnГўВҖВҷt just Tesik who stopped.

The pouring rain.

The fiercely churning waves.

And myself.

Everything came to a halt.

Ah, maybe not everything?

In this frozen world, there was one thing that was moving.

Fwooooosh~!

A dreary-colored portal suddenly appeared before my eyes.

Before I could even wonder what it was.

As the portal swirled and my body was slowly drawn toward it as if being sucked in, I instinctively knew.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character is moving to the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.ГЈВҖВҚ

That the long yet short first playthrough was over.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Twin Sea is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢRe-entry is permanently restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢUpon death, the character will resurrect after losing all possessions and memories.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Twisted Pilgrim observes your one-time-only story with great interest.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou failed to approach the truth of the story or become anyone's savior, but you found Tetrasea, who was living in pain, gave her hope, and succeeded in escaping the island.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢTotal score: 41 points.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character permanently obtains entry rights to the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 896 ---

Chapter 896. First Playthrough (5)

The very first thought that came to my mind when I came to my senses was quite clichГғВ©.

'I'm back...?'

I was back.

This could simply mean that I had returned to the outside, but it also held another meaning.

The mace and leather armor I had discarded into the sea while disguised as an Imperial soldier.

And...

Bobbing, bobbing.

Even the rowboat I had taken to the island for the first time.

What in the world was this?

Was it because I hadn't died, but had come out through a portal, so they were returning all my equipment?

'No, even so, they're returning everything I lost along the way?'

I guess I should call this a strange kind of kindness.

As I continued these thoughts, I froze.

"Ah."

I realized it belatedly, but my memories were intact.

In this case, however, there were two possibilities.

'Either, as I had hoped, the memories gained through the 'Outing Doll' were judged not to be erased...'

Or, I had succeeded in 'surviving' and came out through the portal, so they weren't erased.

I wasn't sure which one was correct.

Well, perhaps it was both.

I had felt it many times while playing the game, but the 'Outing Doll' was a very peculiar item.

Anyway, that was enough thought on that matter.

Swoosh.

I quickly looked around.

Many things had changed from when I first entered.

For one, the dozens of ships that had been anchored around the island were all gone.

Why?

I actually had a guess about this part too...

But it would be much faster and more accurate to hear it from them.

ShwaaaaaГўВҖВ”!

The only ship that was rapidly approaching me as soon as I regained consciousness on the rowboat.

My companions on the deck were pressed against the prow, waving their hands at me.

"BjorrrrrnГўВҖВ”!!"

"I told you not to use that name when Bjorn is in that form, meow!"

"Ugh... It's just us anyway! Stop nagging!"

Afterward, I was hauled up, rowboat and all, logged out of my alternate character, and opened my eyes in my main character.

And...

"I'm sorry."

First, I offered words of apology to my companions.

"It took longer than I thought. I didn't expect it to take this long."

"Haha, there's no need to apologize at all. Weren't you late because you were on a scouting mission?"

"But still, in the end, we gained almost nothing from this expedition, did we?"

The only reason explorers risk their lives on expeditions is for money.

But what about this expedition?

From the 'Nameless Fragment' to the Fifth Floor Rift, and then the Sixth FloorГўВҖВҷs Twin Islands.

We had wasted the entire expedition period.

While Misha and Ainar might not mind, I felt genuinely sorry to Armin's expedition and Bear Uncle.

But what part of my apology was so funny?

"Yandel, why are you so sensitive about such strange things?"

Bear Uncle laughed as if he was genuinely dumbfounded, then continued.

"Who here would care about something like that? You went to scout an unexplored region alone, taking on all the risks. We just sat back and reaped the benefits."

"Benefits? Huh? I didn't see much benefit."

Ainar mumbled something, but no one replied.

They just continued the conversation as if it were natural.

"Yes. If you could have gold tomorrow instead of bread today, who would choose the bread?"

"You guys! What are you talking about! Let me in on it too!"

"Well... I suppose that's true."

As I nodded, the navigator, who had been cautiously observing, added his words.

"Haha, as for me! I don't think I've ever had such a comfortable expedition in my life!"

Right, this guy must have had it easy.

He just rested on the Fifth Floor and the Sixth Floor.

Ugh, my stomach hurts from envy.

Is this what it feels like to be the boss?

Just as I was starting to regret the meaninglessly spent employment fee, Bear Uncle and Armin approached with gleaming eyes.

"So what happened?"

"Yes. Seeing that your equipment is intact, it seems you haven't lost your memories either."

"You didn't conquer it all by yourself, did you?"

"Hey... even so, that doll is a normal person with no abilities."

"..."

"Let's go inside. We should eat something while we talk."

It seemed like it would be a long story.

***

As I ate the meal filled with Misha's care, I recounted the stories of what happened inside, and with each tale, my companions' expressions gradually changed.

Going to Parune Island instead of Rymia Island.

The monster village I encountered on that island.

"Hmm, it seems that 'Ancient Language' is essential for conquering that region."

"Going to Parune Island was a good decision in retrospect. You really have a good head for this kind of thing."

Up to this point, everyone's eyes sparkled as they listened to the exciting stories, but as the story progressed, a strange emotion began to fill their gazes.

"What? They let you go just because you stayed still even when they pulled out your fingernails... is that what you're saying...?"

"You hit your own head with a mace to fake amnesia...? For them to believe you so readily, your head must have been half-crushed..."

...

It was as if they were looking at someone who was sick.

However, what was reflected in their gazes was something between pity and disgust.

And then...

My life as an Imperial soldier.

The research base I arrived at after being taken as a test subject.

And finally, the infiltration and spy action I pulled off while escaping on the last day.

"A guy who was locked up naked interrogated and killed the guy who was pretty much the boss there? And there was even a knight...? With a body weaker than a Ninth-Rank Explorer?"

"No, as I said before, it wasn't that difficult."

"Phew... Bjorn, it's a good thing you became a warrior! Not an assassin."

"..."

There were moments when my companions' gazes toward me became strange, but it was a minor detail.

Lord of the Sea, Leviathan, and the 'senior researcher' who faced him, and the First-Class soldier 'Berzak' who watched the battle.

"You've really been through a lot...!"

'It's only natural that it took a long time.

No, wait... is that even possible? A normal person without a single Essence?'

Anyway, the tale of Peter's great escape came to an end like that.

Oh, by the way, the navigator was not present at this time.

I felt bad for excluding him, but there was no reason to expose this information to an outsider.

He didn't seem offended, as if he was used to such things.

"So what happened here? The island was gone when I came out, is that why all the other explorers left?"

"Yes, that's right. On the 40th day, the island suddenly disappeared. Most of them left then, and after a few more days, even those who were lingering around in hopes of something all left."

"Hmm, so it seems entry closes after the 40th day..."

After sharing information, a full-fledged meeting began.

I mean, the term 'collective intelligence' exists for a reason, right?

Armin is an explorer who loves 'adventure,' a rarity in this industry, so he's perfect to put our heads together.

"What do you think, Armin? Your thoughts."

"... I'm not certain, but I see similarities to Rifts here and there."

"Huh? It's different from a Rift, isn't it, meow? The place Bjorn went to didn't even have a Guardian, and a portal opened just by bringing out that Tesik...? Anyway, him..."

"The similarity I'm talking about is in a different aspect. If my prediction is correct... when we re-enter that island next time, it will likely be the same as before. Before the Lord of the Sea appeared and everything was turned upside down."

"Huh? You mean time goes back, meow...?"

"Yes, whether time goes back or is newly created. Whatever the reason, the result will be the same. Isn't that how Rifts are? Even if you die right before the Guardian after killing all the monsters, the next explorer to enter has to start from the beginning again."

In short, a Rift 'resets'.

And it was highly probable that the Twin Islands would be the same.

I had a feeling from the fact that a 'story' existed, but I became certain after seeing the Lord of the Sea invade and everything getting turned into a mess at the end.

However, the difference between the Twin Islands and a Rift...

'Is that the chapters aren't clearly divided.'

If a Rift has a closed-off stage structure, the Twin Islands are an open world, offering much more freedom.

For example, I think the story would have progressed somehow even if I had gone directly to Rymia Island instead of Parune Island.

"For the second playthrough, we should aim to reach the Sixth Floor as early as possible."

"We'll have to. Not only will it increase the explorable time, but there might be things that can only be done during that time period."

"Ah, I see. I hadn't thought that far."

The meeting continued after that.

Well, in the middle, Ainar and Misha, who had lost interest in the meeting's content, left, so it ended up feeling like just me and Armin discussing things.

Anyway.

"For now, it's best to confirm that this wasn't a perfect conquest."

"Right. Other than coming out without losing my memories and equipment, I didn't receive any particular rewards."

"It's highly likely that you met the conditions for escape, not conquest. The condition must have been either 'Tetrasea's escape' or 'survival until the 50th day'... one of those two."

"What should we do for the next playthrough?"

"Unless we send another vanguard to gather information... we'll have to prepare thoroughly. It's a place teeming with Rank 1 monsters and other creatures of similar strength. The approach will also have to be very different from now..."

The meeting grew longer and longer, finally ending the next morning, after which we held a vote.

The Labyrinth was closing soon anyway, and there was far too little time to reach the Seventh Floor.

Should we just play around and pass the time here?

Or should we at least try to do something?

Everyone was so sick of boredom that the latter option was chosen unanimously, and we headed to Parune Island, which was nearby.

The goal was to search for any information or clues that could be used on the Twin Islands, but we couldn't find anything particularly noteworthy.

Well, a meaningful question did arise.

"What in the world is this offering...?"

"Huh? You don't know?"

"If you're talking about the phenomenon where 'Stormgush' appears when the offering is destroyed, or the 'Lord of Tears,' then of course I know."

"Oh..."

I knew what Armin was talking about.

The 'Wrath of the Sea' event that starts when you destroy the offering on Parune Island.

In fact, similar-looking offerings exist on other islands, and destroying all of them summons the 'Lord of Tears'.

"Both are related to the 'Lord of Tears'."

"Yes. Furthermore, perhaps because I heard your story, Captain, I've become curious as to why these offerings came to be."

"This part is worth investigating further."

With only the question about the offerings remaining, time flew by like an arrow...

Day 60 of entering the Labyrinth.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Labyrinth has closed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character will be moved to Rafdonia.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was the day to return to the city.

***

The sky was still gloomy, far from sunny.

But maybe because we hit the closing date on the Sixth Floor, which has a day and night cycle, it seemed particularly dreary todayГўВҖВ”.

"BAHELLAAAAAAAAAAAA!!"

Hmm, maybe not?

"We will become the strongest warriors on earth!!"

"Waaaaaaaaah!!"

As soon as I opened my eyes in the plaza, shouts erupted from all around.

The roar of joy from the young warriors who had just completed their first expedition.

'The numbers are almost the same...'

After a quick headcount of the young warriors' survival rate, I quickly passed through the checkpoint before they could catch me.

Since only the plaza itself had been barely restored, the checkpoint was very flimsy, but even so, I was able to pass through freely.

Because I am a noble.

I don't need to stand in line, and if I wish, I don't even have to be inspected.

"Th... Bjorn? It's been a while since we've been in the city... if you're not too tired, how about a meal together in Commelby?"

"Sorry, but I plan to go straight to the Holy Land."

"Huh? Ah... you're tired, huh? Alright!"

Upon returning to the city, I went straight to the Holy Land.

Well, it wasn't that I was tired, as Misha had said.

At the end, it was more like resting than searching, so it was as good as finishing the expedition well-rested.

But...

Thump-

How could I resist this?

Without getting distracted, I went straight to the Holy Land and flung open the tent of the Mage who had recently joined our holy land.

"Ah... ah? V-Viscount?"

"Call me Tribe Chief here."

"I'm not a Barbarian... understood. Tribe Chief, you've arrived already. But why are you here...?"

"..."

I thought about teasing him a little, so I snorted and just stared down at him.

The GM, noticing my gaze, trailed off his words as if making an excuse.

"Uh... if you've come because of the research, there hasn't been much progress yet... No, in the first place, only a day has passed for me who remained in the city, so it's only natural..."

"That's enough. I'm not here for that today."

When I finally let out a small laugh, he tilted his head.

If not for research, then why did you come looking for me as soon as you arrived in the city?

That was the kind of look he had.

Thud!

Instead of an answer, I placed an item on his desk.

The sole reason I had rushed here, even turning down Misha's offer of a meal.

As his nickname 'Magi-tech Researcher' wasn't just for show, the GM fortunately recognized the item as soon as he saw it.

"A pocket dimension...?"

"Yes, it's a pocket dimension."

The pocket dimension that the raiders I met on Paradise Island had.

Actually, even while exploring the Twin Islands, I had occasionally thought of this pocket dimension.

'I mean, how can you resist a random box?'

What would come out of this one?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 897 ---

Chapter 897: Rebuilding (1)

To put it simply, the items from the random box were all below expectations.

Well, there was a fair bit of cash, and selling off all the gear and consumables would be somewhat profitable.

"I guess the only decent thing I got was the Firefly Ring..."

"Only decent? Even if it's at the high end, it's still a triple-numbered item. It's a miracle a mere Raider had such a treasure. Congratulations."

Despite the GM's words, I felt a sense of disappointment first.

That's because the No.981 Firefly Ring felt like it was already part of the random box package.

Like a guaranteed item?

I would have felt much better if there had been just one more item of that caliber, nothing more, nothing less.

"Will you be selling it?"

"Everything but the ring."

"Hmm, are you planning to use the ring yourself?"

"That's the plan."

"A wise decision. As long as you don't plan on quitting expeditions, it's an item that is always better to use yourself."

The GM spoke as if he would have tried to stop me from selling it, but truth be told, if I had obtained this ring in the early days, I would have sold it without a second thought.

I would have judged it to be of little use to me.

In fact, when I played the game, at some point I started playing by just selling this ring for a high price to buy other gear whenever I found it.

This ring isn't for combat.

"As you may know, that ring is specialized for finding Gabrielius's Arrangement."

"I know."

"Then there's no need for further explanation."

Gabrielius's Arrangement.

The very thing I used to call a 'Hidden Piece' when I played the game.

When there's a Hidden Element nearby, this ring activates with a very low probability and acts as a Guide.

I benefited greatly from it during my playthroughs as well.

However...

'It was around the time I could see the end of the game.'

From then on, the Firefly Ring was nothing more or less than an expensive Magic Stone to me.

'Because I was confident I knew everything there was to know about [Dungeon & Stone].'

First Floor.

Of course, that was arrogance.

The 'new island' that appeared after the event with the underground Lord of Tears, which could be called a new floor.

Not to mention the updated content, but it was the same even without that.

When I scanned the entire Labyrinth from the Spirit Gate, I witnessed for myself that there were still plenty of undiscovered regions left, and on the Underground First Floor, I saw a Guardian Statue whose existence I hadn't even known about.

Therefore, I had to admit it.

'... There's still so much left.'

Yes, there was still so much left.

Things in this world that I still didn't know.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has equipped the No.981 Firefly Ring.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

Day two of my return.

After spending a night in the Holy Land, the next morning.

I went into the city and stopped by the Explorer's Guild.

Well, to be precise, I met the Guild Master.

Because in my opinion, there was no one better suited for the job.

"Hahaha, so you're asking me to find the bereaved families and deliver the belongings of the deceased on your behalf!"

"Why are you repeating what you already understood?"

"Hahahaha...!"

The Guild Master, having been saddled with the task, forced a rotten smile, but he didn't dare refuse my request.

"Stop laughing. Just yes or no."

"... Yes."

"Then that's settled. I'll check later, so if anything's missingГўВҖВ”"

"Viscount, what do you take me for? Despite how I look, I was one of the few who kept their loyalty to you during the Battle of the Lord of TearsГўВҖВ”"

What is he talking about? He only stayed because he had no future but to be ousted if he returned to the city.

Besides, embezzlement is the Guild Master's specialty.

'Huh? Did I just entrust the fish to a cat?'

The thought made me a bit anxious, but I didn't bother retracting the request.

Nah, he wouldn't dare, would he?

He's a pretty sharp guy, he should at least have the intelligence to distinguish a poisoned apple that would kill him if he ate it.

"Oh, and by any chance, does the Guild not purchase gear?"

"The Guild is not that kind of place, Viscount."

"You could have just said no. Why the serious face?"

"Haha, a serious face? Of course not."

"Right?"

"Yes. Anyway, if selling them one by one is a hassle, handing them over to a Merchant Guild near the Exchange is an option. You might get a little less for them, but it has the advantage of being able to sell them off immediately and get cash."

A Merchant Guild...

I haven't really sold things that way until now.

"Ah, but you should still visit the Exchange. I hear a lot of good items have been listed at decent prices lately."

Hmm, good items...

When I asked for examples, a whole list of genuinely good items was reeled off.

A few of them were quite tempting even for me, items that were hard to get not because of their price, but because of their rarity.

I couldn't help but tilt my head.

"What's the reason?"

"The prices of gear that became dirt cheap when the Labyrinth was closed are starting to recover lately. So those who held on without selling are starting to think about getting rid of them."

"I don't get it. If they just hold on a little longer, they could sell it for its full value. Why so soon?"

"That's how close to their limit they must be. The economy was really tough during the Labyrinth lockdown, wasn't it? It might be different for those who focused solely on expeditions, but otherwise... they'd be in desperate need of urgent cash."

Ah, that makes sense.

Take the Bear Uncle, for instance.

He was an Explorer who opened a Tavern with the Bear Lady.

Similarly, because the economy crashed during the lockdown, he got caught up with a guy like Golden Ghost and ended up in debt.

'I was planning on visiting the Exchange anyway because of my alternate character...'

Okay, got some good information from an unexpected place.

"Then your business is... is this all?"

"No, one more thing. Do you happen to know about the Black Wolf?"

"Ah, you mean the Dark Guild."

"Dark Guild...?"

"It's like a slang term. I've heard many people call it that."

Oh, I see.

But when a bald old man says something like that, it just looks like he's trying to imitate young people.

"By the way, how did you become interested in that place?"

"I just happened to get entangled with them during this expedition. Do you know anything?"

"We don't know much either. There's a rumor that it's run by the Shadow Merchant Guild... but it's not confirmed information."

"So you don't know anything either."

"Yes, we haven't had the capacity to investigate deeply. If you're really curious, how about looking into it yourself?"

"Huh? Why should I investigate? It's a hassle."

"Haha, it seems you're not that curious after all."

What is he talking about.

"You should do it."

"Pardon?"

"Your opponent is the Dark Guild, aren't they? It's only natural that you, the Light Guild Master, should investigate."

"..."

"Why aren't you answering when someone's talking to you?"

"... Yes, I will look into it."

Phew, well, since I've outsourced this part, I can stop worrying about it.

Ah, of course, I'll have to come by periodically to nag him so he doesn't slack off.

"Alright, now my business is really done. I'm leaving."

"Yes, take care."

After finishing my conversation with the Guild Master, I decided to stop by the Exchange since I was already out.

It seemed the Guild Master was right; there were quite a few decent items listed on the Exchange.

'This is the first time I've seen so many Numbers Items listed.'

There were even quite a few Essences.

They weren't high-rank Essences, but using my noble authority and my connection with Count Alminus to view the transaction history only available to staff, I saw that Essences were selling like hotcakes as soon as they were listed.

'This is probably because of the influx of newbies...'

However, I didn't see any items worth buying right now.

Still, it would be wise to keep monitoring just in case.

Anyway, since I was already here, I listed all the items I had on the Exchange.

Well, as the Guild Master said, it would be much more convenient to leave it to a Merchant Guild...

'But this isn't particularly bothersome either.'

Not long after I handed over the items and was having a cup of tea in the VIP room, the Exchange Manager walked in with a smile.

"Viscount, the registration of all the items you entrusted to us is complete! They have been listed at the appropriate price set by the Exchange's appraiser, and we've applied top exposure, so it won't take long to sell them!"

Heh, yes... this is what connections and power are all about.

"As you requested, we will send someone to contact you once more than 90% of the items have been sold, and the payment will be deposited into your account at the moment of sale. Also, for the items you mentioned, we will contact you the moment they are listed on the Exchange, so you don't have to worry at allГўВҖВ”"

"Good. I'll be on my way then."

"Yes, this has been William Bakers of the Alminus Central Exchange!"

Emphasizing his name until the very end and bowing was his silent plea for me to put in a good word for him when I meet the Count later.

'He seems quite promising.'

When I left the Exchange, the time was a bit awkward, so instead of heading straight to the Holy Land, I turned and went somewhere else.

The destination wasn't far from the Exchange, and it was a place I felt a bit nostalgic about.

[Commelby National Library]

The place I practically lived in was the Ravigion National Library in Zone 7, but the library itself felt somehow nostalgic to me.

It reminds me of my novice days.

"Parsitiev."

Heh, it's been a really long time for this too.

It's a bit disappointing that I can't receive the 'Advanced Book Detection' spell without Ragna.

'Hmm, or maybe not?'

'Advanced Book Detection' is a spell that allows you to view books with high security levels.

That's why Ragna used to secretly cast it on me when others weren't looking, saying it was a privilege only allowed for nobles or a select few with permission.

However...

'I don't need that anymore.'

Because I'm a 'noble' now.

One with an official title, at that.

"I'd like you to cast it again, not with the regular 'Book Detection' but with 'Advanced Book Detection'."

"Yes, I understand, Viscount."

The librarian who received my request immediately recast the spell, and it felt truly strange.

What's so special about this that it feels so novel?

More so than when I was being treated well by the Guild Master or at the Exchange, this felt more real.

That I was a noble.

'Well then, shall I do some reading today for the first time in a while?'

Having entered the library, I expertly used the spell to select books.

The keywords were Floor Lord, Lord of Tears, Sixth Floor, Stormgush, Rymia Island, Parune Island, offerings, and so on...

Even in this vast library, there weren't that many books matching those keywords, and most of them were even gathered in one place.

The only problem was...

"What's with this guy?"

The place the 'Book Detection' spell led me to was a reading table slightly away from the bookshelves.

A bespectacled member of the White Rabbit Tribe was reading, with a mountain of books piled to one side, even taking notes.

*Screech.*

I intentionally made a noise as I sat across from him, but he was so focused he didn't even look up.

He was an existence that couldn't help but arouse my curiosity.

After all, most of the books piled up next to him were reacting to my keywords.

"Hey."

I tried speaking to him casually, but there was no reply.

It wasn't that he was ignoring me; it seemed he genuinely couldn't hear me.

Therefore...

*Thump, thump!*

I reached out into his line of sight and knocked on the desk, and only then did he startle and look up at me.

And...

"Hiiik!"

The moment he saw my face, he freaked out as if he were about to faint, but it wasn't fear or any such emotion.

No, it was closer to the complete opposite.

"Hey, Viscount Yandel! It's really Viscount Yandel...!!"

"Viscount Yandel? Am I your friend?"

"S-sorry, Viscount Yandel! I was just so happy to see you in person that I...!"

It was no longer a strange thing for those who saw me for the first time to swoon, but this guy's reaction had a strangely incongruous part to it.

He didn't seem like just a fan.

That intuition turned out to be correct.

Unlike those who merely admired me, he had a clear purpose.

"Viscount, I have a request! Could you please tell me about what happened during the battle with the Lord of Tears during the Dimensional Collapse? Please, I'm begging you on my knees!"

"If you're going to make a request, shouldn't you properly introduce yourself first?"

"Ah, ah...! I'm sorry! I was so flustered... My name is Maroang Lilivia!"

"Huh?"

Wait a minute, Lilivia...?

I had a feeling when I saw he was from the White Rabbit Tribe.

"What is your relationship with Baron Lilivia?"

"She is my mother! I've heard so much about you from her, it's an honor to meet you like this!"

Phew, so he really was the Rabbit Baron's son.

How curious.

"So what was a Baron's son doing in a library?"

"Ah, well..."

The rabbit son, who had been trailing off with a slightly troubled expression, squeezed his eyes shut and confessed.

"A-actually, I'm a Labyrinth Historian...!"

"Labyrinth Historian?"

"Haha... It's a bit strange, isn't it? For me, born into a noble house, to take up such a profession. I'd understand if you find it pathetic..."

No, I wasn't trying to look down on him, I was asking because I genuinely don't know what that is.

What in the world is a Labyrinth Historian?

It's a profession even I, who have been living in this city for several years now, have never heard of.

'Well, it's intuitive enough that I can guess what the job entails.'

But can you make money doing that?

Apart from that new question popping into my head, I grinned at the small and precious rabbit son.

"?"

Hmm, this could be quite useful.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 898 ---

Chapter 898: Rebuilding (2)

After spending some more time getting to know him, I came to understand the profession of a ГўВҖВҳLabyrinth HistorianГўВҖВҷ in greater detail.

ГўВҖВңIt is a profession that studies the history of a given dimension through the relics and books that appear in the Labyrinth Dimension.ГўВҖВқ

It was a truly ironic profession.

After all, the ГўВҖВҳhistory of the LabyrinthГўВҖВҷ was a very ambiguous subject.

The Rafdonia textbooks state that the Labyrinth is a created dimension, so this was no different from directly refuting that.

It felt like a profession that seriously researched the Flat Earth theory.

ГўВҖВҳBut then, how do they actually make money?ГўВҖВҷ

The answer to this question was also shocking.

He said he received research funding from a noble family that showed interest, and that noble family was none other than the House of Baron Lilivia.

What the hell.

Isn't that just giving your son an allowance for his hobby?

The more I learned, the more he sounded like a sheltered, unemployed son from a rich family, but surprisingly, the rabbit son's skills seemed quite impressive.

That was because he was extremely fluent in the Ancient Language.

[I heard that you, Viscount, are also very proficient in the ГўВҖВҳAncient LanguageГўВҖВҷ.

That is truly amazing.]

[ГўВҖВҰYouГўВҖВҷre the one whoГўВҖВҷs amazing.

The Ancient Language is something thatГўВҖВҷs hard to find even among mages who can use it properly.]

[As you know, many of the books in the Labyrinth are written in the Ancient Language, are they not? It is a necessary skill for a Labyrinth Historian to possess.]

HmmГўВҖВҰ I suppose thatГўВҖВҷs true.

If he couldn't handle the Ancient Language properly, what could he possibly research?

[AndГўВҖВҰ the Ancient Language is the link that connects the Labyrinth Dimension with our own.

It suggests the possibility that the two dimensions started from the same civilization.

Oh! And thereГўВҖВҷs also the Dark Continent incident.

The Noark citizens who went outside the Fortress Wall claimed that the outside was similar to the Dark Continent, right?]

The rabbit son's story was quite interesting.

It meant that this fellow had managed to get close to the mysteries of the world I had encountered while rolling around and struggling, solely through books and research.

ГўВҖВҳHe even knows the Ancient LanguageГўВҖВҰ It might be difficult to see him as just a sheltered child.ГўВҖВҷ

In any case, him being holed up in the library this time as well, with a pile of books on the same keyword as me, was part of that research.

[I commissioned a request with my own money and, thanks to you, Viscount, I looked into the ГўВҖВҳnew islandГўВҖВҷ that appeared in the Labyrinth.

I didnГўВҖВҷt gain much from it since memories are lost upon failure, but I was able to find a small clue.]

He even commissioned a requestГўВҖВҰ

I guess thatГўВҖВҷs how he was able to get the information right away and come running to the library like this.

[Ahaha, but having a conversation in the Ancient Language like this feels very awkwardГўВҖВҰ This is the first time IГўВҖВҷve met someone as fluent as you, Viscount.]

[Ahem.

So what is your goal?]

[I hope my research materials and knowledge will be helpful in conquering the ГўВҖВҳnew islandГўВҖВҷ.

After all, there's a widespread perception that something like the history of the Labyrinth is a field that doesn't make money.]

[To summarize, you want to change that perception.]

[Yes.

If people know it can be profitable, more people will research it, and then much more research material will be generated.

AndГўВҖВҰ perhaps my sponsors might increase.

HeheГўВҖВҰ]

Okay, he passed the interview.

[So, about thatГўВҖВҰ could I possibly hear what happened during the battle with the Lord of Tears? It might be pocket change to you, Viscount, but I will do my best to compensate youГўВҖВҰ!]

[ThereГўВҖВҷs no need for compensation.

ItГўВҖВҷs not something I canГўВҖВҷt tell you.]

Having finished my evaluation of the rabbit son, I readily recounted the events of the battle against the Lord of Tears.

His Essence, his appearance, and so on.

The rabbit son listened with such focus that his eyes seemed to glow, my vivid descriptions making it feel real.

The climax was the moment Tetrasea spoke to me.

Hmm, to be precise, should I call it a ГўВҖВҳCurseГўВҖВҷ?

The original Tesik, who had asked me how I could smile, had his answer already decided.

Whatever I said, he claimed I was wrong, that the only reason I could smile was because I wasn't in as much pain.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

[I shall give you, the pain I possessГўВҖВҰ]

After that, when I consumed the Essence, the [Stake] skill became strange.

But there was no need to go into that part of the story.

What I wanted from the rabbit son wasn't advice on Essences.

[ГўВҖВҰFor the Lord of Tears to have spoken in the Ancient Language.

ThatГўВҖВҷs not a common situation.

It seems highly likely that the addition of a new island was triggered by you, Viscount, touching upon some ГўВҖВҳarrangementГўВҖВҷ during the battle.]

[Well, I suppose so.

Though I donГўВҖВҷt know what exactly that trigger was.]

[Perhaps if you enter the Twin Islands, something special might happen! After all, youГўВҖВҷre the one who lit the fuse of that arrangement!]

[Ah, about thatГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷve actually already been there.

And I didn't lose my memories.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhaaat?!]

At this point, I decided to make things clear.

[This story must never be revealed to outsiders.]

[Ah, yesГўВҖВҰ! I am well aware of the unwritten rules among explorers! I also know how valuable the information you've obtained is at this point!]

After saying that, the rabbit son's eyes widened as he looked up at me, then he brought both hands to his mouth and pressed them firmly.

I heard the Rabbit Baron has three children.

This one must be the youngest.

HeГўВҖВҷs just overflowing with charm.

[I just need you to be aware that if information leaks through your mouth, the relationship between Baron Lilivia and myself will inevitably become strange.]

[Yes.

I know this isn't an issue that ends with individuals.

I will absolutely not cause any trouble.

Not to you, Viscount, nor to my mother.]

[Good, then I'll tell you.]

I then took a considerable amount of time to once again tell the story I had previously told my companions.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[OГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!!]

The rabbit son's eyes widened as if some inspiration had struck him.

[Did you figure something out?]

[Ah, ahГўВҖВҰ! ItГўВҖВҷs not certain yet! Could I tell you again after I've organized my thoughts? I think I need to go through the research materials I've collected at home one more time!]

[Huh? UhГўВҖВҰ yeah, do that.]

The conversation with the rabbit son ended there, and afterward, we only briefly discussed contact methods and his whereabouts before parting ways.

I didn't bother reading the books piled on the table.

If the rabbit son couldn't find anything significant, it wouldn't be too late to look into them then.

'Good.

I had a lot to do in the city anyway.'

Efficiency comes from doing the right thing at the right time.

***

A week had already passed since I returned to the city.

It was a week where I just ran around here and there like a madman.

ГўВҖВҳWhy is there so much to doГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

First, all the equipment I had put up on the Exchange sold out.

ГўВҖВҳ400 million StoneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Of course, this wasn't the amount earned solely from the items of the raiders I encountered in the Fifth Floor Rift.

There were quite a few items that I had stuffed into my Pocket Dimension and postponed selling simply because it was a hassle.

Since I took this opportunity to clear them all out, the settlement amount was substantial.

ГўВҖВҳIf I add all the money IГўВҖВҷve saved up until now, itГўВҖВҷs a little over 1 billionГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Well, most of it is classified as the Anabada Clan's team fundsГўВҖВҰ

But strictly speaking, that's just a play on words.

After all, thereГўВҖВҷs an officially registered bylaw that the Clan Leader has voting rights equal to the number of clan members.

ГўВҖВҳIt seems Noark wonГўВҖВҷt be able to enter the Labyrinth this time eitherГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I also attended the Royal Family council, but Noark's integration has been postponed again.

Despite their relentless media war, it seemed the mood hadn't risen as much as they had hoped.

ГўВҖВңMaster? Master will wake up soon!ГўВҖВқ

Ah, the Shaman still hasn't regained consciousness.

Even though I went to the trouble of getting him that precious Dragon Heart.

ГўВҖВңSo when exactly is that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm, in a month at the earliest? It could be three years at the latest!ГўВҖВқ

Hey, whatГўВҖВҷs with that?

Isn't the difference between a month and three years too big?

In any case, there's nothing I can do about this part except wait.

It's not like the engraving materials I've collected will rot over time.

ГўВҖВңOh my, you really came, didn't you? Thank you, Viscount Yandel!ГўВҖВқ

I also visited the House of Baron Lilivia.

I originally came to see the rabbit son, but when I got there, the son said he needed to organize things a bit more and asked for more time.

So I just ended up chatting with the Baron for the first time in a while, and in the process, I heard something unexpected.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, have you heard? The Yandel estate is scheduled to be completed next month.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? First I'm hearing of it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat? IГўВҖВҷm sure you were notifiedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou can assume it's practically impossible for me to check anything that comes by mail. ThereГўВҖВҷs too much of it.ГўВҖВқ

This wasn't an excuse, it was the truth.

There were so many things being sent from all over the place.

And it wasn't just powerful people who wanted to befriend me; ordinary people also sent things like fan letters like crazy, making it nearly impossible to check them one by one.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, the estate is nearing completionГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. The construction, which was supposed to take a year, was delayed for several years due to various incidents. But now you know, right? Melves always keeps its promises.ГўВҖВқ

Wow, so this day is really coming.

ItГўВҖВҷs a shame that my other companions like Amelia and Erwen are trapped on the Underground First Floor.

To not be able to share this joyous news.

ГўВҖВңPlease come visit our assembly sometimes. Everyone wants to see you, Viscount. Don't just attend the Royal Family councilГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAh, I understand. I'll be sure to go next time.ГўВҖВқ

Was it because I heard about the estate's completion?

Recently, I had been skipping the assembly participation requests.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰIs this why they insisted on rebuilding the mansion and gifting it to me?ГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, that might be possible.

After I became a regular member of the Royal Family council, my relationship with Melves was completely reversed.

A new wind for the non-human noble houses.

Having far surpassed their expectations, I had now become their hope itself.

ГўВҖВҳI feel a bit sorry for them tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

-----

Anyway, that was about it for the major things.

As for the minor things, I stopped by the Guild yesterday and chewed out the Guild Master a bit.

For the rest, I was busy planning the next expedition, but despite the effort, there were no results.

The input values havenГўВҖВҷt come out accurately yet.

ГўВҖВҳWill I get a rough idea after todayГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

For that reason, I left the Holy Land bright and early and came to Karnon.

Because today was the day the leaders of the six tribes gathered for a tribal summit.

The Dragon Uncle.

MishaГўВҖВҷs dad (not).

The narrow-minded Dwarf chief.

The elf who dislikes me for some suspicious reason.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThis time, the human representative is the Mage Tower Lord.ГўВҖВҷ

Last time, some wannabe baron came and just served as an emotional punching bag before leaving.

ГўВҖВңWell then, since everyone has arrived, shall we begin?ГўВҖВқ

The Dwarf chief, who was acting benevolent, smiled and broke the ice, starting the summit.

ГўВҖВңThe first agenda isГўВҖВҰ oh? It was submitted by the Barbarian side?ГўВҖВқ

The Dwarf chief, who was presiding today, looked at me with a surprised expression.

Well, I had never officially submitted an agenda at the summit before.

Besides, the tribal summit has a slightly different atmosphere from the Royal Family council.

Official agendas are rarely brought up, and it proceeds more like a free-talk session.

Perhaps thatГўВҖВҷs why things like this are possible.

ГўВҖВңHowever, there is only the submission of the agenda, but the detailed contents are blankГўВҖВҰ I am very curious about its contents. Now, please, go ahead.ГўВҖВқ

My turn to speak came, but I didn't bother to stand up.

My sitting height is someone else's standing height, after all.

Therefore, even when I'm sitting, it's the same as standing.

ГўВҖВңI will not explain about the ГўВҖВҳislandГўВҖВҷ that has newly appeared, as I'm sure you all know about it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, it was an agenda about the Labyrinth?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs a hassle, so I'll get straight to the point.ГўВҖВқ

I then continued speaking quickly after only a short pause.

ГўВҖВңI conducted an expedition to the new island this time and gained quite a lot.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰSeeing that your equipment is intact, it seems you were able to return alive?ГўВҖВқ

I nodded.

Well, since I used the Outing Doll to enter, I wouldn't have lost my equipment even if I had failed.

But thatГўВҖВҷs not whatГўВҖВҷs important right now.

I had contemplated endlessly while planning the expedition after returning to the city, but this was indeed the best course of action.

ГўВҖВңOn the next expedition, I will enter that island again.ГўВҖВқ

The Rank 1 monster, Leviathan.

The senior researcher who fought on par with it.

And on top of that, Berzak, who could act as a wild card.

ГўВҖВңIf you want, IГўВҖВҷll help you guys join in too.ГўВҖВқ

More power is needed.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 899 ---

Chapter 899: Rebuilding (3)

A new exploration area, officially inscribed on the Stone of Honor.

The moment it was mentioned, the air changed.

"Hmm......."

"It seems you are in over your head, trying to do it alone?"

It was a somewhat lukewarm response, but I could feel it instinctively.

That very reaction was proof of their immense interest, more than anything else.

'Hah, trying to play it cool.'

Well, they had no choice but to be interested.

After all, there was a truth that had never once changed since the Labyrinth came into being.

New things always mean big money.

"Still... I would like to hear the details first."

Even the Mage Tower Lord's eyes were shining.

He was attending as the human representative, but he was, first and foremost, a Mage.

It was inevitable that personal interests would come into play during the summit.

In fact, records of past tribal summits often showed him representing the interests of Mages.

'The case of the Barbarian heart is a prime example, isn't it?'

It was one of the sad histories of the powerless Barbarian Tribe.

However, that was in the past, so I'll set it aside.

"The Mage Tower Lord is right. We must know the exact situation to decide whether we will offer support or not."

The representatives of each tribe had their eyes on the prize, but they were still testing the waters before jumping in.

Well, it was a natural attitude to take.

No matter how profitable a new area might be, if the probability of success was too low, it would be a gamble, not an investment.

They would need at least a basic estimate.

ButГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

'Who do they think they are, trying to get information for free?'

I had no intention of just giving them an estimate.

How do you think I obtained this information?

I know the value of this information better than anyone.

That is why.

"I believe I've already explained the situation?"

I responded firmly to their probing attitude.

"The expedition is already well underway, and I will be entering that island again. All you need to do is decide whether you're in or out."

"I understand what you are saying, but if that is all you tell us, none of us will be able to join the game you wish for, Viscount Yandel. Everyone here is a representative of their own group."

"Hmm, that is also true."

At the Mage Tower Lord's words, I nodded my head as if taking a step back.

"However, I can't just give it away for free either. Pay up. Hmm... 200 million Stone per person should do!"

Needless to say, the expressions of the representatives who were told to pay were not pleased.

Come on, 200 million isn't even that much money for them.

"Ah, of course, this is a kind of deposit. If you decide to join my game after hearing the information, I will return the information fee."

Simply put, it meant I would absolutely not let them hear the information for free.

At this, the expressions of each representative grew serious.

It seemed they were all running calculations in their heads.

"Very well. I shall pay."

The first to finish his calculations was the Mage Tower Lord.

Next were the Beastkin and the Fairy Tribe.

"We Beastkin will do the same."

"If we can hear of the most secret mystery in the Labyrinth at this time for 200 million Stone, it would not be a loss."

Three of them agreed to the terms of the paid service, but not everyone else made the same choice.

"Hmph, I feel like I'm being scammed. It's best to back out in times like these."

The Dwarf Chief, a typical petty man, refused the terms, and next was the Dragon Uncle.

"It is a pity, but we Dragonkin will also sit this one out. Unless it is an internal matter of the tribe, I do not have much authority to force anything."

The Dragon Uncle's refusal was expected.

The Dragonkin were not that serious about Labyrinth expeditions in the first place.

He probably expressed his refusal at the very end as a way of being considerate to me.

He didn't want to spoil my business.

"Alright, then the three of you, stay behind after the summit ends. Since there are outsiders present, we will talk in earnest then."

"My, my, it feels like I'm being openly ostracized."

The Dwarf Chief grumbled, but I gave him no attention and simply ignored him.

People with no friends are usually the only ones who don't know why.

***

The tribal summit, which lasted half a day, was over.

This was unusually fast, even among all past summits.

Well, the sideshow was bigger than the main event.

This time, there was a common interest more important than the summit itself.

Everyone had tacitly agreed to end it quickly...

"Ha, they are all blinded by greed. As I see it, they're just going to waste their money."

The Dwarf Chief who had refused the terms was now claiming a mental victory, but those who had agreed showed no reaction.

Was that why?

"He's letting you join in the first place? Isn't it obvious it will be dangerous? To think you would waste the lives of your precious Bloodline in such a place...."

The Dwarf Chief had moved beyond simply 'The grapes must be sour!' to 'The grapes must be poisonous!' and at this, the other representatives' expressions soured slightly.

It wasn't because they were persuaded by his words, but...

Well, if everyone bought a stock, and the one guy who didn't started shouting 'That stock is going to crash!', who would have anything nice to say?

"I don't know about that. I find it difficult to agree with you on that point. While it is difficult to say our Mage Tower has a good relationship with Viscount Yandel... and the Barbarian Tribe... this is a separate matter."

"Separate?"

"Yes. I have never heard even a rumor of Viscount Yandel backstabbing someone for his own gain. He is highly likely to move in a direction that benefits everyone."

A truly logical answer befitting a Mage.

Hearing this, the Family Head Karlstein added a word.

"Tsk, that part is certainly believable. Though his relationships with women seem to be a mess."

Though her voice was slightly displeased, it was undoubtedly a statement in my defense.

"Dumoka, when it comes to the Labyrinth, no one can deny the achievements of Viscount Yandel."

To top it all off, even the pointy-ear who hated me for some strange reason made a comment that seemed to acknowledge my abilities, and the Dwarf Chief, with an expression like a rotten peanut, left the summit.

And...

"Phew, then I suppose I should make way as well."

Soon, even the Dragon Uncle left, leaving only those who had agreed to the terms.

"Now then, hurry up and tell us. You took the promissory notes with our names on them, did you not?"

Hmm... the fact that I received the advance payment in checks was a bit concerning, but with the value of these people's names, I doubt there would be any problems.

Insisting on cash here would only make me an unlikeable Barbarian, so at this point, I readily shared the information.

'How many times have I repeated this story?'

Since it was a tale I had told several times already, I summarized the key points and briefed the representatives.

And...

"Hmm......."

As the briefing continued, the expressions of the representatives, who had been listening with excitement at first, began to change.

They had realized the trap.

"So, you must be able to speak 'Ancient Language' at least as well as the Viscount to conduct a proper expedition..."

They probably intended to just take the information and run, but that path was now blocked.

Those who could speak the Ancient Language were not common.

If they did not join my expedition, they would just be out 200 million Stone.

And...

"A Leviathan... that is a Rank 1 monster, is it not?"

"And there is even an unidentified creature that fought the Leviathan to a draw..."

"... This changes the story. The Mage Tower, as well as each of our tribes, would have to stake our very fates on this support, or this conquest will fail."

Finally, as the tale of the Twin Islands reached its climax, the representatives' expressions began to rot.

They were inwardly thinking that they had wasted 200 million Stone.

They must have already concluded that this conquest could never succeed, and even if it did, they would have to endure enormous losses.

But...

'Come on, at least hear me out until the end.'

As the organizer, I could not stand by and watch the investors' motivation dwindle, so I quickly continued.

"Don't worry too much. My personal Labyrinth Historian and I are diligently researching the Twin Islands."

"Labyrinth Historian? What is that?"

"Tsk, you don't even know that?"

I clicked my tongue and chided Misha's father, who was tilting his head, before stating only the important points.

"Anyway, the important thing is that we might not have to fight a Rank 1 monster to conquer this island."

"Hmm, that would change things... but that is not certain yet, is it?"

"Well, that's true. But even if we do have to fight a Rank 1 monster, it won't be much of a problem."

"What do you mean?"

At my words, the pointy-eared man's eyes narrowed sharply.

"Are you planning to force our sacrifice, as Dumoka said?"

My, what a murderous glare.

It was a look that made me want to tease him a little, but I held back, not knowing how that serious pointy-eared man would react.

"Of course not. I simply meant that even if we do have to fight a Rank 1 creature, the damage won't be as great as you think."

The pointy-eared man fell silent at my words.

He just stared at me intently, as if telling me to continue.

"Why are you so confident?"

In the end, the Family Head Karlstein asked on behalf of everyone, and I shrugged, my words trailing off.

"It's a bit of a long story."

In fact, I had only realized this information relatively recently.

After finishing my entire journey and returning to the city, I was organizing my inventory... no, to be precise, I was organizing Level 2 Peter's bag.

When I checked inside the bag, I was shocked.

"To summarize it briefly."

I had definitely used up potions and scrolls while fighting monsters on Parune Island, but they were all replenished to the amount I had when I first entered.

I interpreted this phenomenon as such.

"The consumables consumed there are not consumed."

Hmm, is that a bit confusing?

Anyway, to put it simply in modern terms.

'If you succeed in escaping the Twin Islands, you get a full payback on all used consumables.'

It means they get duplicated.

***

The representatives, who at first seemed to think I was spouting nonsense, completely changed their tune once the story of Level 2 Peter's mysterious bag unfolded.

They were all smart enough to understand.

"If the potions and scrolls were really all replenished, then it's highly likely the same rule applies to other consumables as well."

"Perhaps it's not just consumables. You said all the equipment you wore was returned, didn't you? Even though you had lost it inside."

"Which means...?"

Soon, everyone exchanged glances of mutual understanding and nodded.

"This is worth a shot."

The biggest obstacle in raiding a Rank 1 monster was none other than 'cost-effectiveness'.

In a way, it was similar to modern gold mines.

If the cost of developing a gold mine was greater than the profit it yielded, that gold mine would remain buried and abandoned forever, just like that.

'Everyone avoids hunting Rank 1 monsters because the cost of consumables is just too high.'

But at this very moment, that problem was solved.

If clearing it guaranteed the return of the principal, then 'over-investing' without any regard for cost-effectiveness became possible.

Yes, for example...

"... I see now, you needed the 'Arrows of Paralysis'."

Like the Fairy Tribe's three and only arrows.

"You must have had our Mage Tower's 'Little Flare' in mind as well."

Or the Mage Tower's secret weapon, which was powered by a high-grade magi-tech core that had been auctioned off for hundreds of millions at the Sky Auction House.

An investment that would normally result in a loss even after killing a Rank 1 monster had now become feasible.

"Uh... we don't really have anything like that..."

Well, the Beastkin would have to invest that much more manpower and use their bodies, I suppose.

Either that, or they'd have to settle for the leftovers after we'd eaten.

"If a fair distribution based on contribution is made, our Mage Tower is willing to participate in this expedition. Ah, of course, we will also provide at least ten shots of the Little Flare."

"The same goes for our Fairy Tribe. We will provide one Arrow of Paralysis. If you have clear evidence to prove your words that the consumed items will be returned, we can even provide two. Of course, we will have to discuss distribution before that."

"We Beastkin will participate as well."

Only the Family Head Karlstein, representing the Beastkin, did not mention distribution.

It seemed he had some conscience, at least.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 900 ---

Chapter 900: Rebuilding (4)

Three days after the tribal summit.

I once again visited the House of the Rabbit Baron.

After all, our exclusive labyrinth historian had finally contacted me.

[Ah, you're here!]

As if he had been waiting at the entrance since morning, the rabbit boy popped out and greeted me the moment I arrived.

[It's been a while, Maroang.]

[Yes! Viscount!]

He spoke in the Ancient Language, so I replied in the Ancient Language as well, and as if that pleased him greatly, the rabbit boy grinned foolishly.

[Come to my room! Quickly!]

As if all fear of me had completely vanished, the boy even grabbed my hand and pulled me toward his room.

ГўВҖВҰHe is rather cute.

I felt that if I had a nephew, it would be just like this.

Pretending I couldn't resist, I let myself be dragged along, and we soon arrived at the rabbit boy's room.

The room's interior was just as I had imagined.

ГўВҖВңYou have a lot of relics?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHehe, would you like to have a look around first?ГўВҖВқ

The walls, bookshelves, and shelvesГўВҖВ”the room was filled with all sorts of collections labeled 'research materials'.

If I said I wouldn't, I felt like the boy's ears would droop, so I just looked around the room without a word.

Well, to be honest, it was quite interesting.

Relics of the Labyrinth were a field I was interested in too.

ГўВҖВңThis here is the ApostleГўВҖВҷs Book!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA relic that has a low chance of appearing inside the corpse of the Guardian of the Green Coal Mine if you defeat it after casting ГўВҖВҳDistortionГўВҖВҷ on it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWow, how did you know?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's basic knowledge for an Explorer.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, you probably don't know the contents, do you? It's heavily damaged, so there's not much that's readable, but the word 'Earth Mother' appears in this book!ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, did it...?

When I played the game, it was just junk I sold to shops.

Well, most of the relics here are like that.

'I always wondered who would buy this stuff when I sold it...'

And the person who bought it was right here.

In any case, the rabbit boy, excited that I recognized his things, introduced his collection with sparkling eyes.

ГўВҖВңAh, and this is....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Necronomicon.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWow! You know this one too?ГўВҖВқ

How could I not.

In a way, the Bloodstained Fortress was the first Rift I conquered after coming to this world.

'It feels nostalgic.'

Back then, Raven farmed for the Necronomicon by herself and slyly pocketed it.

I watched that ruthless scene with my own two eyes but couldn't say a word, afraid I'd be suspected of being an Evil Spirit.

ГўВҖВңBut isn't this a book of dark magic? It doesn't seem like something you'd collect.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, that's true! That's why it's a bit on the expensive side among relics. These are popular with Mages too, so even the Mage Tower buys them... Ah! That's not what you were asking, was it?ГўВҖВқ

The rabbit boy, who had been suspiciously talkative ever since we entered the room, came to his senses and answered anew.

ГўВҖВңThe Necronomicon is classified as a book of dark magic, but that doesn't mean there's no information to be gained from it! If you look at this page, there's a sentence that seems to hate the 'Empire'...ГўВҖВқ

Ah, right, right...

This kid is fine with anything from the Labyrinth as long as he can 'read' it.

I now see that being a labyrinth historian was a profession of weaving together tens of thousands of scattered phrases like puzzle pieces into a single story.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, I think that's enough looking around... I'd like to get to the main point.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, I'm sorry! I got too excited, didn't I?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNot at all. I had a fun time looking around too. So, the reason you called me here must be because you've discovered something, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOf course! I'll tell you right now!ГўВҖВқ

And so, we finished looking at the collection and moved on to the main topic.

ГўВҖВңFirst, before I begin, would you like to see this research material?ГўВҖВқ

The rabbit boy handed me a book in the form of a notebook.

ГўВҖВңThis book is a relic so rare that it doesn't even have an official academic name like the ГўВҖВҳApostleГўВҖВҷs BookГўВҖВҷ or the ГўВҖВҳNecronomiconГўВҖВҷ. Where to acquire it is also completely unknown. I happened to find it at the Free Market while looking for ГўВҖВҳAncient LanguageГўВҖВҷ books.... Ah! It's such a shame. If only I knew who the seller was, I could have found out where it was acquired....ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... So what is this?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's the diary of an Empire soldier. For now, I've named it the ГўВҖВҳRecord of the Nameless CastawayГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

He seemed about to ramble on about how he wished it could become an official academic name someday, so I cut him off appropriately, and only then did the real discussion begin.

ГўВҖВңThe main content of this book is about a nameless Empire soldier who was shipwrecked on an island. And I think that island might be ГўВҖВҳParune IslandГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt also appears in this record. Things like the village being full of sea monsters, and the fact that there's an Imperial ArmyГўВҖВҷs outpost close enough to return to with just a raft... and even that the ГўВҖВҳSea GodГўВҖВҷ appears in the story.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh.ГўВҖВқ

The sound escaped my lips unconsciously.

If this was true, then there was a high possibility that the island in the record was Parune Island, and the Imperial ArmyГўВҖВҷs outpost was Rymia Island.

ГўВҖВңMay I take a look?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOf course!ГўВҖВқ

I took the record from him and quickly skimmed through it.

There were parts damaged beyond readability here and there, but after reading to the end, to summarize it briefly....

ГўВҖВңIt's about being stranded on a sea monster island, secretly building a raft to escape, and then encountering the Sea God of Calamity and dying.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, that's right. So I also wondered if it was some kind of fairy tale... but as soon as I heard your story at the library, the contents of this book came to mind. I thought that maybe this isn't a fairy tale after all...ГўВҖВқ

Right, this is not a fairy tale.

It must have been something that actually happened in the very distant future.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, this book isn't the only thing I've been holed up in my room researching. I've searched through countless relics for information that seems to stem from the same source and compared them.ГўВҖВқ

For example, the two islands on this 'sea chart' are a 99% match in shape to Parune Island and Rymia Island.

Or how the word ГўВҖВҳRymiaГўВҖВҷ appears in a relic from the Panthelion Ruins, and the text that follows is very suggestive.

He tried to list all the steps, so I stopped him.

That wasn't what was important right now.

ГўВҖВңJust the key points.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, ah... Yes!ГўВҖВқ

Hearing my demand, the rabbit boy quickly listed only the results and keywords.

ГўВҖВңTetraseaГўВҖВҷs twin sibling's name is ГўВҖВҳRymiaГўВҖВҷ. We need to think about why that island was named Rymia.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe condition for the Sea God of Calamity's appearance is also linked to 'rage'. Of course, this is a trait seen in normal zones, but you said it appeared in the Twin Sea because the Empire burned down Parune Island, right? Perhaps if we prevent that event, the Sea God of Calamity won't appear either!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt's not Parune Island, but there are similar offerings throughout the Great Sea, right? This is a record related to one of those offerings. There was a phrase, ГўВҖВҳPraying for her eternal rest.ГўВҖВҷ Considering that Tetrasea is a ГўВҖВҳmale formГўВҖВҷ, there might be some other hidden story.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAmong the records related to the Empire, there's a description of a creature similar to the ГўВҖВҳsenior researcherГўВҖВҷ you mentioned, and that creature's weakness is Divine Power.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAccording to the EmpireГўВҖВҷs soldier ranks, a Lieutenant General is the lowest among the generals. Colonel is the highest... Based on the records, the estimated combat power of a Lieutenant General is about that of a Rank 2 monster.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTh... that's about all I found... Was it helpful...?ГўВҖВқ

Looking at the shyly speaking rabbit boy, I was at a loss for words.

ГўВҖВҳYou ask if it was helpful?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, I don't know yet.

I haven't even verified how many of this boy's conjectures are true.

However, I could say one thing for sure.

ГўВҖВңIt was a very big help.ГўВҖВқ

Even if only half of this is true, it will be an enormous help.

Wouldn't it be?

The combat power of Berzak.

The weakness of the senior researcher.

And on top of that, the conditions for the Sea God of Calamity's appearance.

ГўВҖВңBeing a labyrinth historian is quite an amazing profession.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHehe.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI'll be counting on you from now on.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes? From now on...?ГўВҖВқ

Hah, you tempt a perfectly sane person to the point of madness and now you're pretending not to know?

ГўВҖВңFrom now on, you are my exclusive labyrinth historian. I'll even give you a spot in my clan if you want.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң... Y-yes? In the Anabada Clan?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou don't want to? From now on, you'll be the first to see and research the relics I find in the Labyrinth.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңH-how could I not! Please let me! I'll be the Viscount's exclusive labyrinth historian!ГўВҖВқ

I have a new companion.

***

After that, time passed quickly.

[The Beastkin have decided to provide all the Scrolls and Consumables needed for the raid.

With this much, we can certainly claim one person's share.]

[These are resources that will return to us if the raid is successful, isn't it a bit much to claim a full share with just that? The Fairy Tribe is providing Arrows of Paralysis, and our Mage Tower is planning to support with ГўВҖВҳLittle FlareГўВҖВҷ as well.]

[...]

Every day, I formed a 'raid party' with the Fairies, Beastkin, and the Mage Tower, negotiating the distribution of rewards.

[Ooh! Is this the Yandel estate!! It's amazing, Bjorn!!]

[When we started building it was a Barony, but now that it's finished, it's a Viscounty....]

In the middle of all that, I also dropped by the nearly completed Yandel estate to have a look.

[Ooh! Viscount Yandel! Why have you only come now...!]

Feeling unnecessarily indebted after seeing the mansion, I also attended an assembly of the non-human noble alliance, Melves.

[... Still, you kept your promise.

That you'd come soon.]

I stopped by the Holy Land of the Dragonkin to console the Dragon Brat, telling her through written conversation that I hadn't found anything yet, but not to worry too much.

There was also a good item on the Exchange that I tried to buy, but the seller changed their mind midway and the deal fell through....

'Is it next week now...'

Before I knew it, only a few days remained until the next Labyrinth opened.

I visited the Imperial Capital.

It was because an invitation had arrived from someone I had almost forgotten about recently, having had too many other things on my mind.

The Knight of the King.

Astarotta Verun.

ГўВҖВңI'm already busy as hell, so calling me all the way here must mean a decision has been made, right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, the talks with the Chancellor are already over. I will hand over the Secret Security Force to you. If you go to the Secret Security Force with this letter of appointment, the predecessor will handle the handover.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYour work is clean?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf I may give some advice, it will be easier to find a suitable deputy and entrust them with the main duties.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, just like the King did to you?ГўВҖВқ

I said it playfully, but Astarotta didn't reply.

It seemed the thoughtless stone I threw had scratched him.

ГўВҖВңAnyway, don't worry about that. That was my plan from the beginning. I've already chosen a deputy.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWho is it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI should meet them while I'm here. They haven't given me a definite answer yet either.ГўВҖВқ

As I shrugged and spoke, Astarotta seemed to realize who I was talking about and nodded.

ГўВҖВңAh, Harin Suebwi... that woman. She's a smart woman, so it's not a bad choice.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI think so too.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut it's a bit surprising. I didn't know the two of you were that close.ГўВҖВқ

I was vague about that part.

ГўВҖВңOur goals just happened to align. The Evil Spirit Integration Policy was also a long-cherished wish of Countess Peprock.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see, so you used that as bait. Then I'm less worried. With loyalty enough to guard her unconscious master every day, she won't betray you.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, that's it.ГўВҖВқ

Fortunately, Astarotta didn't seem to suspect anything about my vague explanation, and that was the end of that conversation.

After that, I headed to the room where Ragna was.

Of course, Ragna was still unconscious, and only Hyunbyeol, who had been guarding the spot, closed her book and stood up to greet me.

ГўВҖВңIs it because you have business? You came right away this time, didn't you? Ah, not right away. It's just before the Labyrinth opens again.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThis place is what it is. I can't just come whenever I want, so try to understand.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell... yes. I suppose I have to understand.ГўВҖВқ

I then plopped down in the seat next to Hyunbyeol and said casually.

ГўВҖВңThe Secret Security Force, I've taken it over.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWow, you really did it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo, what about you? Have you made your decision?ГўВҖВқ

Like a Barbarian, I went straight to the point, but that didn't mean I wasn't nervous.

If Hyunbyeol shook her head here, my future plans would be significantly disrupted.

Ssk.

Hyunbyeol then stood up and walked over to the bed where Ragna lay.

She stood there for a long time, looking down at Ragna, who was lying with her eyes comfortably closed.

What on earth could she be thinking right now? All I could know was the result, skipping the process.

ГўВҖВңI'll come again.ГўВҖВқ

Right, so it's a YES.

As I breathed a sigh of relief inwardly, Hyunbyeol tossed a small backpack that had been leaning against the bed toward me.

What's this? Is she telling me to carry it?

ГўВҖВңHey, it's not even that heavy...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңJust carry it without complaining. It's heavy for me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI don't know if you're aware, but this is a form of Barbarian-hate.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you keep this up, should I just not go?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlright. I'll carry it.ГўВҖВқ

...

As I said that and put the backpack into my Pocket Dimension, Hyunbyeol frowned.

But was there anything she could say?

ГўВҖВңWhat are you doing, not coming?ГўВҖВқ

Hyunbyeol took the lead and headed for the door.

ГўВҖВңWe're going to stop by the Secret Security Force today. Since I've decided to do it, I have no intention of doing it half-heartedly.ГўВҖВқ

Hah, this girl is quite reliable.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 901 ---

Chapter 901: Rebuilding (5)

After leaving the Royal Palace, I headed straight to the Secret Security Force in Commelby, as Hyunbyeol had requested.

It was an ill-fated organization that once boasted great prestige, but after its core duties like infiltration, intelligence, and operations were transferred to independent agencies, it was left with little to do besides hunting Evil Spirits.

However, even though its limbs had been torn off, so to speak, the Secret Security Force was still ingrained in the minds of ordinary citizens as an object of fear.

"The predecessor... no, the person who will soon become the predecessor, seems to have wanted it that way."

"Why?"

"Because if people don't fear the Secret Security Force, they can't be controlled. You've met the Evil Spirit Hunters, haven't you?"

"I have."

"Then you'd know. Their title sounds grand, but they weren't particularly strong, were they?"

Hmm... that was certainly true.

It was a surprise attack, but even back in my bare-handed Barbarian days, I was able to defeat an Evil Spirit Hunter.

"It's the unavoidable weakness of the Secret Security Force. With more prestigious organizations like Mozlan, the Public Security Office, and the Knight Orders... talented individuals with actual combat value have no reason to join the Secret Security Force."

"So you're saying there are no knight-class personnel at all?"

"There might be some. It's the perfect place for those who have been pushed out in political struggles and demoted."

"Ah..."

So this was what the Secret Security Force was like.

I guess that's why they gave it to me when I asked.

If I had asked for something like the Public Security Office, they would have never agreed.

That position held real, immense power.

"You've probably seen it at least once, right? When a child is crying, adults scare them by saying, 'The Evil Spirit Hunter will come and get you.'"

"Ah, I have seen that."

It was only then that I realized.

The Secret Security Force was the boogeyman.

"Well then, shall we go in?"

Having arrived at the Secret Security Force building, we slowly stepped inside.

We entered a lobby, and its atmosphere was different from any other organization.

For starters, there was only one person stationed at the lobby desk.

Well, given the nature of the organization, it probably wasn't a place that received 'guests', so it wasn't that strange, but...

"What brings you here?"

No, why does the lobby employee look so gloomy.

Was he demoted and stuck here?

"I am Viscount Bjorn Yandel. I have business with the Chief, so guide me quickly."

"Yes."

The employee's expression didn't change even after hearing my name.

It wasn't because he was a seasoned agent, but rather he just seemed to lack any will to live.

"You may go in."

The employee who guided us to the top floor simply gave a perfunctory nod before returning to his post.

We let out a dry laugh at his apparent lack of interest and entered the Chief's office.

"You've arrived earlier than expected. I've already heard that Viscount Yandel would be my successor."

The look in the predecessor's eyes as he watched me was very strange.

It seemed filled with dejection, yet there was also a hint of relief.

"May I ask you just one thing?"

"Go ahead."

"Why did you choose this place? A man like you, Viscount Yandel, could have obtained a position at a much better organization..."

Hmm, well..

"Not really. They wouldn't have handed over such important organizations willingly... and even if I forced my way in, I'd only face troublesome matters."

"Hmm, is that so... I can understand that to some extent."

"But what happens to you now? Will you be transferred to another organization?"

"At first, I thought that would be the case... but I was simply given a temporary suspension from my position. It's unlikely that anyone will call for me again, so it's practically a dismissal."

"Oh dear, that's too bad."

I prodded him slightly, trying to gauge his inner thoughts, but he surprisingly showed little reaction.

"So I plan to submit my resignation as soon as the handover is complete. It's a relief that I'll receive a pension. At least I won't have to worry about taxes, so I'm thinking of taking it easy from now on."

"Good for you. That's the happiest kind of life."

"Haha, perhaps you're right."

The Chief laughed it off, but I was being sincere.

A life in a house with a kitchen, where you can get treatment when you're sick, and after fifty, you can quit working and live leisurely, maybe raising three dogs.

That was actually my original goal.

"Anyway, there isn't much to hand over regarding the work. I already organized everything into documents as soon as I heard the news. I didn't have any malicious intent to mess with my successor, so I diligently wrote down everything necessary for the job. As long as you familiarize yourself with this, you won't have any trouble."

"Is that so."

"I've already packed my things. I've spent over twenty years in this room, but it turns out there isn't much to take with me."

"In any case, if you have any questions or are curious about anything, come find me. I will answer anything faithfully until my resignation is approved. Oh, and this is a gift."

"He seems to have put some work into this."

Hyunbyeol immediately sat in the Chief's chair and began to read through the organized documents in front of her.

"It seems it's true that he didn't have any malicious intent. This is incredibly detailed. There are even tips for practical work."

While Hyunbyeol spent a long time reading through the documents, I grew bored and left the Chief's office to look around the building.

Four floors above ground.

Four floors below.

The Secret Security Force was a building with a total of eight floors, and there was less to see than I expected.

Perhaps work had stopped since the news of the handover, as the underground prison, which should have been filled with Evil Spirits, was completely empty.

The eyes of the employees I encountered while exploring the building were also lifeless.

So, I returned to the Chief's office.

"Okay, I'm done familiarizing myself."

"Huh? Already?"

"The basic framework is similar in any group. If there's something I don't understand, I can just pull it out and look at it again later."

"So what are you reading now?"

"Ah, the employee roster. After checking the personnel evaluations, I need to pick the most competent one to be my aide. I absolutely hate troublesome work."

I couldn't hide my astonishment.

Hyunbyeol, whom I had chosen as my deputy, was going to pick an aide to delegate her work to?

"Subcontracting the subcontracted work of a subcontractor...?"

"What?"

"Harin Suebwi. Stop this terrible absurdity right now. Subcontracting only begets more subcontracting, it does nothing to benefit the worlГўВҖВ”"

"What are you talking about? You want me to do it?"

"Who looks the most competent?"

Well, whatever.

As long as it makes my life easier.

***

The very first administrative order Hyunbyeol gave after becoming the second-in-command of the Secret Security Force was an 'inauguration ceremony'.

Well, 'inauguration ceremony' was a bit of an overstatement.

It was just gathering all the employees who were at work and giving some greetings in the backyard, but anyway.

As instructed, I introduced Hyunbyeol to the employees and then created and bestowed upon her the new title of 'Deputy Chief'.

Even at this point, the employees showed no reaction.

They just looked at me as if thinking, 'He's just a puppet boss, and Hyunbyeol will be doing all the actual work.'

However...

"You feel pathetic, don't you?"

"?"

"Yourselves, I mean. Wasting your days away without any motivation in a workplace where you can't feel any sense of accomplishment."

Hyunbyeol's performance began immediately.

Having taken the position of 'Deputy Chief', Hyunbyeol continued her speech, which bordered on personal insult, prodding at the employees' sore spots.

Unable to bear it, one employee finally protested.

"So what is it you're trying to say!"

"Money."

"?"

"If you're going to do a pathetic job anyway, shouldn't you at least earn proper money to make it feel worthwhile?"

At her shocking and unpredictable words, all the employees were stunned.

And Hyunbyeol did not miss that moment.

"A 200% salary increase."

"?"

"Performance-based bonuses and paid leave."

"..."

"Increased manpower, construction of an employee cafeteria. Full transportation reimbursement. A 100% bonus upon marriage."

As Hyunbyeol continued, the dazed employees came to their senses and frowned.

"Do you think that's possible! The Secret Security Force doesn't have that kind of money!"

"Yes. We don't. Because all of you are pathetically doing only what you're told, without any motivation."

"I, I can't tolerate these insults any longГўВҖВ”!"

"That's why I'm going to change you. I'll make you so good at your jobs that even that stingy Administrative Office will have no choice but to give us a bigger budget!"

"Th-That's impossible..."

"Ah, so you're admitting that you can never change your pathetic self?"

"If not, is there any reason to be upset? Ah, is it because you believe the promise won't be kept? Then don't worry. Viscount Yandel will pay you the promised money, even if he has to use his own funds."

Uh...

I don't want to do that...

I wanted to intervene, but I kept my mouth shut at Hyunbyeol's sharp gaze.

"The Viscount...?"

"Well, if it's him..."

"But why would he go to such lengths for us..."

As expected, when she said I would pay them even out of my own pocket, the employees began to stir significantly.

Once again, Hyunbyeol did not miss the opportunity.

"Just a few years ago, Viscount Yandel had nothing. He entered the Labyrinth with just a single Shield and no shoes. But what about now?"

No one answered.

It was a story everyone already knew.

"Though your beginning was small, your latter days shall be very great! I believe it. You just lacked an opportunity! Your lives are not pathetic! It's just that the great first step has not yet been taken!"

There was undeniable power in Hyunbyeol's words.

Enough to plant the seed of 'what if?' in the employees' eyes and make them dream of a rosy future, if only for a moment.

But that was all it was.

Reality is a world ruled by cold reason.

The entire staff did not rise up and chant Hyunbyeol's name.

Hope and doubt.

The two intertwined exquisitely, creating a strange silence, and at this point, Hyunbyeol also took a step back.

"It's natural to not believe and to doubt. I haven't given you any reason to trust me yet. But I will ask this of you. Please, give me a chance to earn your trust. Trust me, and just this once, take off the colored glasses through which you see yourselves!"

"To those who trust me and take that great step forward with me, I promise. I, 'Deputy Chief' Harin Suebwi, will make it happen."

"Just like in the old days when everyone looked up to us."

"A Secret Security Force with a larger budget!"

"A Secret Security Force with more authority!"

"A Secret Security Force with more honor!"

Moved by her powerful voice, some applauded enthusiastically.

Others clapped only formally.

The rest didn't even clap, just sending her suspicious glances.

But Hyunbyeol didn't care.

ГўВҖВңMake the Secret Security Force great again!ГўВҖВқ

What in the world have I appointed as my deputy?

***

After the inauguration ceremony ended, I left Hyunbyeol, who had started working late as if it were the most natural thing to do, and departed from the Secret Security Force.

One way or another, I had obtained the Secret Security Force.

It was time to do what I had postponed.

"You want to activate the Spiritual World?"

The GM's eyes widened when I said I wanted to open the community's server.

"It's still impossible to bring in the participants from the previous assembly, but..."

"We can do that later, as the research progresses."

"But, even if you activate it now, it will just be empty."

"Don't worry. Empty spots are a problem that can be solved by filling them."

"But still, it will take quite a long time to select who to invite..."

Hearing the GM's concerns, I let out a smirk.

He was misunderstanding something.

"No, it'll be over soon. There's no need to meticulously select them like before. Send invitations to all Explorers of the Fifth Rank and higher."

"What?"

"Ah, don't worry. I have a way to get the roster and their addresses from the Guild Master."

"No, it's not that... If you do that, a large number of beings who aren't Evil Spirits will enter...?"

"Ah, that?"

In fact, that's what I want.

Don't they say you should put new wine into new wineskins?

"I suppose I forgot to mention. The 'assembly' I'm about to create is for both Evil Spirits and the Natives."

"What?"

"It will be completely different from before, so it'll need a new name. The previous assembly's name was Ghost Busters, wasn't it?"

The GM, stunned by my declaration, didn't reply, so I didn't ask for his opinion either.

"Ahh, yes... this name will be good."

The community I would create wasn't a space just for Evil Spirits, but for this entire city.

Therefore.

ГўВҖВңThe Rafdonia Busters.ГўВҖВқ

There couldn't be a better name.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 902 ---

Chapter 902: Second playthrough (1)

Rafdonia Busters.

A community for the entire city, not just for Evil Spirits.

The GM was aghast, asking what on earth I wanted, so I briefly explained the new form of community I was envisioning.

What role this community would play in the city.

Why such a community was needed in the world.

And even what benefits it would bring me.

After hearing the full explanation, the GM was surprisingly quick to accept and assured me that adding the few features I mentioned wouldn't be too difficult.

"Good. Then bring me the list. As we discussed, send invitations to all Fifth-Rank and higher explorers."

"Yes, I understand. I'll get it done."

ГўВҖВңA good attitude.ГўВҖВқ

And so, the conversation about the community ended there.

I'll know the results next month, on the day of the assembly...

Therefore, I moved on to the next topic.

ГўВҖВңYou must have heard that I'm in the process of tackling the new island on the Sixth Floor.ГўВҖВқ

"Yes, and?"

"You're participating this time. I'm not asking for your opinion, so just be aware of that."

ГўВҖВңI understand.ГўВҖВқ

Phew, the preparations are almost complete.

***

Time flows without stopping.

And following the nature of time, I prepared and prepared until the very end.

The Fairies, the Beastkin, the Mage Tower.

And myself.

A total of four groups poured their hearts and souls into forming the final roster for this expedition, and I formulated a strategy after assessing the strategic resources invested.

Most of the strategies were designed for a battle against a Rank 1 monster.

Of course, it's uncertain how things will proceed when we return to that island, but being able to fight a Rank 1 monster broadens our options.

One who has all their cards prepared earns the right to steer toward their desired outcome.

Well, I'll only know if these preparations were perfect once I'm there and face it myself.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have entered the First Floor's Crystal Cave.ГЈВҖВҚ

As soon as the Labyrinth opened, we entered through the portal and quickly ascended the floors.

The members of Team 1, who were moving with me, weren't much different from before.

Misha.

Bear Uncle.

Garton Cultner from Armin's expedition.

Malid Kevron from the Jagged Tooth Clan.

And in addition, the navigator I had hired as a mercenary last time, helmsman Jackson, had been let go, and the GM had taken his empty spot.

"Wow... that thing looks really convenient..."

Inside the Labyrinth, the GM was riding a mode of transport similar to a skateboard.

The only differences from a skateboard were that it had no wheels and flew, floating in the air.

I had seen it before when I explored outside the fortress wall with Lee Baekho's party, but for Misha and the others who hadn't, it seemed quite fascinating.

"It doesn't just look convenient, it seems highly practical as well. I've seen a Mage use a similar magical tool, but his couldn't change direction so smoothly, and it was much slower."

At Kevron's admiration, the GM couldn't hide a proud expression and smiled.

ГўВҖВңHaha, it's a magical tool I developed with great care. It can't be compared to the items on the market.ГўВҖВқ

"Oh! Could someone like me try riding it? It looks quite fun."

"Ah... haha, I'm afraid that would be difficult. First, you need to be able to handle Wind Magic... and to be honest, the controls are quite difficult. It took me several years to become this proficient."

"Is that so?"

"However, when we return to the city, I'll make something that you can ride, Mr. Urikfrit."

"Oh! Is that really true?"

"Yes, it's actually quite fun. You'll see when you try it."

The GM quickly assimilated into the team, winning over the Bear Uncle who showed interest in the flying surfboard.

It was a rather surprising scene.

I thought his social skills would be nonexistent since he's always cooped up in his tower.

He's adapting much faster than I expected, isn't he?

"Your title as a Magi-tech researcher is so famous that I don't doubt your skills. However, I'd like to know exactly what you can do."

"Yes, that's a natural question. We are companions from now on. As we ascend the floors, I'll show you as much as I can whenever the opportunity arises, so would you do the same, Mr. Kevron?"

ГўВҖВңOf course. Well, I'm not as famous or mysterious as Mr. Havelion.ГўВҖВқ

"Haha, to say you're not famous despite being the former vice-captain of the Jagged Tooth Clan."

ГўВҖВң... Now, I am merely a regular member of the Anabada Clan.ГўВҖВқ

Kevron was very interested in the GM's abilities, and indeed, the GM wasn't just making empty promises, as he unabashedly showcased various skills during the climb.

Fwoosh! Fwoosh! Fwoosh!

A squad of drones poured out from an opened pocket dimension, shooting compressed air at the enemies.

ShhhrrrkГўВҖВ”!

A golem, brandishing a greatsword reinforced with an air barrier sharp as a chainsaw's blades.

Moreover, that golem could fly and was even armed in colorful heavy armor.

'A mecha?'

A golem in the form of a robot mecha, a familiar sight in modern media.

For a moment, I wondered if that was okay...

"The golem is quite flashy, isn't it? It feels vaguely familiar..."

"The sense of dГғВ©jГғВ  vu is probably because of the ГўВҖВҳAssemble Golems.ГўВҖВҷ They were once very popular toys, but production was halted when it was revealed the creator was an Evil Spirit."

"Ah! Right! I remember buying a few and assembling them myself!"

"Haha, I quite liked the design myself, so I used it as a reference when building my golem."

Right, with an alibi like that, he just went ahead and made it that way.

ГЈВҖВҢEntered the Second FloorГўВҖВҷs Rocky Desert.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEntered the Third Floor: Path of the Pilgrim.ГЈВҖВҚ

Watching the GM's abilities from time to time, we reached the Third Floor before I knew it.

This time, however, we didn't stop by the 'Statue Temple' to dig for 'Nameless Fragments.'

I had given up on that part from the start, which is why we came up through the 'Rocky Desert' instead of the 'Goblin Forest.'

"Hoo..."

Honestly, if I had my way, I'd forget about the Twin Islands and everything else, open the Underground First Floor portal, and shove 'Peter' in first.

But...

'The probability is too low.'

Even if Peter went to the Underground First Floor, the chance of successfully meeting my companions is extremely low.

Well, it would be a different story if they were still at the starting point on Rock Island.

Otherwise, I would have to search for them myself throughout that vast area, but would Peter, with not a single Essence, be able to do that?

'Even if I succeeded, there would be nothing I could say except to wait while I search for a way.'

So, I postponed sending Peter to the Underground First Floor.

My heart pounds thinking of my companions who have been trapped there for months since the Dimensional Collapse, but to achieve my goal, I must also be able to make cold judgments.

'After this raid is over... the chances of rescue will be much higher.'

Right, so...

ГЈВҖВҢEntered the 4th Floor: Tower of the Sky.ГЈВҖВҚ

We continue to ascend the tower.

Our destination is Rymia Island on the Sixth Floor, which also serves as the rendezvous point for the expedition.

Oh, and for the record, throughout the climb, I've been riding on the back of a golem summoned by the GM, like a piece of luggage.

No, to be precise, should I say my main body?

ГЈВҖВҢLiving Armor defeated.

EXP +2ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢCanivaro defeated.

EXP +3ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢIce Orc defeated.

EXP +3ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMurmel Archer defeated.

EXP +3ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢBlueГўВҖВ‘Plated Giant Stone Soldier defeated.

EXP +4ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢGremlin defeated...ГЈВҖВҚ

Hmm...

Phew, the experience points are really piling up, aren't they?

'Yes, this is a second playthrough.'

With plenty of strong companions by my side, my level keeps rising even when I'm transformed into Peter and just picking my nose.

And...

ГЈВҖВҢEntered the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.ГЈВҖВҚ

After breaking through the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm, and finally reaching our target floor, I had reached a whopping Level 5.

This explosive leveling was possible because I was able to farm experience from numerous creatures on the Fourth Floor, also known as the Tower of Training.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's level has increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power +10.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMaximum absorbable Essences +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

I already had five Essence slots.

Now, once I return to the city and fill them with Essences suitable for 'Peter,' he'll be somewhat useful too.

"We've arrived earlier than the assembly date, so not everyone is here yet."

Perhaps because we arrived early, only about half of the expedition members had gathered.

However, since the representatives from the Mage Tower, Beastkin, and Fairies had all arrived, we exchanged simple greetings first.

And maybe that's why?

"To think that many people have gathered..."

"It seems they're planning to seriously tackle that island."

The gazes of regular explorers, completely unrelated to the expedition, were gathering here.

Well, from their perspective, they were bound to be curious.

"Ignore them. It seems they're going around asking if they can join the raid, but once the expedition truly begins, personnel dispatched from each faction will remain to block their entry."

"Indeed, uncontrolled personnel only introduce variables. I don't think their combat power would be of any help either."

The Mage Tower representative mentioned 'variables,' but everyone knew that was just a secondary issue.

Kicking away the ladder is a tradition in this city.

"And there's one more thing you should know."

"What is it?"

"Those who failed to conquer the Twin Islands before are unable to re-enter. Not only are they unharmed when they pass beyond the veil, but the island itself is apparently invisible to them."

"I had a feeling, but it really is a region where you can't try again."

"Yes, which makes this expedition all the more important. If we fail, even by a slim chance, that's the end of it."

Having obtained new information from the Mage Tower Lord, I quietly organized my thoughts.

'No retries...'

So far, it's not particularly strange.

But...

'The island is invisible to them? But why can I still see it?'

Could it be that my case was judged a success, not a failure?

Hmm, if so, that's a bit odd.

Other than my equipment being preserved intact, there wasn't really any reward to speak of.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, so that's what 'Peter' looks like.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou've heard the story, but don't go talking about it to others.ГўВҖВқ

"Of course."

Since I mentioned the 'Outing Doll' when telling the story of the Twin Islands, I didn't bother hiding my appearance in front of them.

Well, it does expose this face a bit, but...

'That's actually good.'

Considering my future plans, it's more advantageous for me.

They'll just think this face is Bjorn's alternate character.

"Anyway, I'll go ahead and test a few things as planned."

"Understood."

There were about 40 hours left until the rendezvous.

Team 2 had not yet arrived, but I led Team 1 out to the open sea.

And...

"Be careful!"

"Ugh! I want to go see it soon too!"

With my companions seeing me off, I took the boat I had prepared and went straight to the Twin Islands.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered a special zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - The Twin Sea is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment I passed through the transparent veil, the island that had been in front of me scattered like a heat haze.

Looking back, the boat my companions were on had vanished without a trace.

I was a little dazed.

'I really made it in...'

Looking around, it was the same as my first playthrough.

'Did surviving just grant me re-entry?'

If so, the difficulty of the Twin Islands drops considerably.

As long as you survive, you get a chance to try again, just with the loss of your gear and memories.

'Still, since I'm here...'

'Let's look around as planned.'

I then steered the boat towards Parune Island.

Of course, there was no strenuous rowing like in the previous playthrough.

I mean, this is the second playthrough, right?

To save time, I invested in the boat as well.

Vrooooooom~!

A two-person boat powered by Magic Stones cut through the waves at a speed several times faster than rowing, and as a result, I quickly reached my destination.

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated...ГЈВҖВҚ

After getting off the boat, I quickly advanced, only dispatching the occasional monsters I saw.

Having spent about a week on this island in my first playthrough, I didn't get lost.

But what on earth was going on?

"I was wondering why I couldn't see any Sirens."

Upon arriving at my destination, I froze blankly.

"..."

Gone.

The village of sea monsters that was supposed to be here.

It was nowhere to be seen.

What could possibly be the reason?

"It's not simply because I entered early."

The reason I was sure was simple.

The scenery before me wasn't particularly unfamiliar.

No, in fact, this was more familiar.

Because this was the original landscape of Parune Island on the Sixth Floor.

ГўВҖВңThereГўВҖВҷs the offering, tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

In place of the vanished village was the offering.

The very offering that also serves as the trigger for the 'Wrath of the Sea' event, causing Stormgush and the Siren Queen to appear.

ГўВҖВңWhat in the world is going onГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Should I go to Rymia Island as well?

Hmm, in this situation, I doubt the Imperial Army would be there even if I did go.

Thud.

I eventually just sat down right there.

And I organized the clues I had gathered so far as objectively as possible.

A re-entry only I could make.

A vanished village.

And now, the offering.

As I pieced together the clues from a purely 'gamer' perspective, a hypothesis suddenly came to mind.

Well, I'd have to verify it a bit more to be certain, but,

ГўВҖВңSo this was the reward.ГўВҖВқ

Yes, it's not that there was no reward in the first playthrough.

This very place I was standing in was the reward itself.

A private Great Sea, accessible only to the few who had conquered the Twin Islands.

The value of this reward is substantial.

It means that no matter which island I go to, there will be zero people.

I could even have some of the popular islands all to myself.

And when a Rift opens, my entry would be guaranteed.

'There might even be a Hidden Piece that can only be found here.'

My original purpose of scouting the Twin Islands was no longer possible, but I didn't leave the island right away.

There was one thing I wanted to check.

'Island of Beginnings - Rymia.'

What happened to that island?

Would there be a portal there?

If so, what kind of place would the Fifth Floor be if I took it down?

Would that also be a private space?

"..."

Sensing immense potential, I quickly left my spot and headed towards the shore where I had left the boat.

And...

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢKrungbee defeated...ГЈВҖВҚ

For some reason, two Essences dropped from the Krungbees I killed in the process.

Perhaps because there were no people, the Krungbees were appearing in larger swarms than usual, but...

Even so.

'Peter really is a lucky character.'

That's what I thought at the time.

***

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter has entered a special zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - The Twin Sea is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe number of entities in the area has increased by 200%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe drop rate of Essences has increased by 41%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe frequency of Rift occurrences has significantly decreased.ГЈВҖВҚ

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 903 ---

Chapter 903: Second Playthrough (2)

To get straight to the point, a portal leading to the Fifth Floor existed on the Island of Beginnings, Rymia.

But...

Thump, thump!

The world beyond the portal, which I entered with great anticipation, was a bit different from what I had expected.

You have entered the Fifth Floor, the Great Demon Realm.

When I emerged onto the Fifth Floor, the area in front of the portal was completely empty, which made me wonder for a moment.

But then I thought it was only natural for the area before the portal to the Sixth Floor to be deserted.

So I took the portal one more time...

You have entered the Sixth Floor, the Great Sea.

Goodness, what was all this?

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷm back on the original Sixth FloorГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Rymia Island was teeming with explorers.

It seemed quite a few had arrived while I was inside with the vanguard, and the number of people had actually increased significantly.

Seeing boats being launched from the coast, I could tell they were slowly preparing for the conquest.

ГўВҖВҳThis means the portal to the Seventh Floor will be the same.ГўВҖВҷ

It was a little disappointing.

If another channel had been maintained, I could have used the Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Floors with ease.

ГўВҖВҳStill, itГўВҖВҷs better than no portal at all, I guessГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

It might sound a bit contradictory, but I also felt a sense of relief.

And why wouldn't I?

If no portal existed at all, then there would be no option to leave the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВҳThe moment you enter, the expedition ends there.ГўВҖВҷ

Moreover, for me, the Sixth Floor was just a passage.

But if I couldnГўВҖВҷt get to the Seventh Floor through the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ, its value to me would drop considerably.

In fact, unless the Sixth Floor was the main goal, there would be little reason to enter at all.

ГўВҖВңHuh? Bjo... ItГўВҖВҷs Peter!ГўВҖВқ

I was heading toward the coast to join my companions who were waiting on their boats in the sea.

Someone shouted my Alternate CharacterГўВҖВҷs name, and I turned my head without thinking to see a large woman standing there.

ГўВҖВң... Ainar?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh! I knew youГўВҖВҷd be here before us!ГўВҖВқ

Ainar rushed over, looking happy to see me, but conversations with her were low on information efficiency, so I looked at Armin, who was standing behind her, and spoke.

ГўВҖВңDid you just arrive?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. But where are the othersГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTheyГўВҖВҷre out there on the sea. LetГўВҖВҷs go there together.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOn the sea, you sayГўВҖВҰ? Leaving just you here, CaptainГўВҖВҰ no, Peter?ГўВҖВқ

Armin tilted his head.

His expression showed he was curious why I, who should have been inside the island with the vanguard as originally planned, was here.

However, there were many ears listening here.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷll explain the situation when we get there.ГўВҖВқ

Armin took the hint and didnГўВҖВҷt press further.

I then boarded the ship that Armin's expedition already had and joined up with Team 2.

ГўВҖВңHuh? B-BjornГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not Bjorn, itГўВҖВҷs Peter, Misha!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷre supposed to call him that when he looks like this, did you forget? When are you ever going to remember!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

MishaГўВҖВҷs face turned red as if she was embarrassed to be corrected by Ainar, but that was of little importance.

ГўВҖВңAnyway! How did you end up coming out with them?! You were supposed to be inside!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs uncomfortable in this body, so wait a moment.ГўВҖВқ

With those words, I carefully turned my back and began to unbutton my shirt.

But did she sense something again?

Ainar shouted once more.

ГўВҖВңOh? Bjorn is embarrassed!ГўВҖВқ

Tsk, this is why sharp-witted Barbarians are a problem.

Honestly, it was quite embarrassing.

It would have been one thing in my main body, but Peter lacked any solid muscle to protect himself.

Peel off just one layer of clothing, and his pale, delicate skin would be completely exposedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not Bjorn, itГўВҖВҷs Peter! You idiot!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, right, thatГўВҖВҷs what it wasГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEnough, someone come and pull the ring.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, me! IГўВҖВҷll do it!ГўВҖВқ

As I carefully lowered my unbuttoned shirt and showed my back, Ainar ran over and quickly pulled the ring.

ГўВҖВңUghГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

Geez, why was her touch so rough?

If she pulled it so suddenly, the sensation wasГўВҖВҰ

You have been disconnected from the character.

When I came to my senses, I saw an unfamiliar ceiling.

It was one of the cabins on the ship.

It seemed they had laid me here while I was away.

Successful outing.

Cooldown time is reduced by 50%.

Since the connection was not severed due to death, the cooldown reduction effect must have been appliedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳUsage time multiplied by four.ГўВҖВҷ

It was now the 20th day, and I had been using the Outing Doll since the 1st day, so the applied cooldown was about 80 days.

Cutting that in halfГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThat means I canГўВҖВҷt use it for the next 40 days.ГўВҖВҷ

Well, it was a minor penalty.

I wouldnГўВҖВҷt be using this doll from this point on anyway.

I put the doll lying in front of me into my pocket dimension, finishing things up.

If ГўВҖВҳPeterГўВҖВҷ had died, all his belongings would have been dropped on the spot, but I had disconnected by having the ring pulled.

ГўВҖВҳThis penalty makes it tricky to equip him with good gearГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

When I went out to the deck, my companions were all gathered and waiting.

I quickly summarized what had happened inside for them.

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰ To think there was such a rewardГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd from what the Captain saw, it wasn't even a complete conquest.ГўВҖВқ

As expected, all the members murmured and marveled at my story.

After all, it was one of the first times a reward of this kind had appeared in the Labyrinth.

ГўВҖВңTo be able to monopolize another Sixth FloorГўВҖВҰ Every clan will be desperate if they find out about this.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThey would. But in my opinionГўВҖВҰ I donГўВҖВҷt think thatГўВҖВҷs all there is to it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPardon?ГўВҖВқ

ArminГўВҖВҷs eyes asked for a more detailed explanation, but I took a moment to organize my thoughts.

In truth, this hypothesis was not yet proven.

For now, it was just a feeling of ГўВҖВҳuneaseГўВҖВҷ.

Of course, it could just be my own misunderstanding, so I decided to share my thoughts with everyone and ask for their opinions.

ГўВҖВңSo youГўВҖВҷre saying there were more monsters on Parune Island than usual.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. At first, I thought it was because there were no other explorers besides me, but on second thought, it seemed like there were too many even considering that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm, and you said two Essences dropped in the process.ГўВҖВқ

The two Essences that dropped were another factor that added to the unease.

Even if the number of monsters had increased, I had avoided most battles to travel, so the number I personally defeated wasnГўВҖВҷt that high.

But for two Essences to drop in the process?

ГўВҖВңWell, this could be a coincidenceГўВҖВҰ But the fact that something is fishy remains. After all, I was ГўВҖВҳPeterГўВҖВҷ at the time.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, youГўВҖВҷre talking about the negative effects of the Outing Doll!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңRight.ГўВҖВқ

Luck was one of the stats closely related to things like drop rates.

However, in the Outing Doll state, the Luck stat drops by -300.

And yet Essences dropped like thatГўВҖВҰ?

ГўВҖВңIt certainly is a bit suspiciousГўВҖВҰ Perhaps itГўВҖВҷs a region where the appearance rate of Essences is boosted.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh! Like in a Rift?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs right. Rifts are a prime example.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOf course, this is still just a hypothesis unproven by statistics. But if this hypothesis is trueГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe value of successfully conquering that Twin Island will increase astronomically. Perhaps enough to slightly revise the ГўВҖВҳpromiseГўВҖВҷ we made before.ГўВҖВқ

As expected of Armin, he scratched the itch right where it was.

ГўВҖВңSend word to the representatives of each faction. Tell them we need to have a meeting.ГўВҖВқ

It seemed I would have to run the numbers again.

***

The representatives of each faction gathered swiftly.

They were all nearby, and the date for our rendezvous was approaching anyway.

Even if I hadnГўВҖВҷt called them first, the meeting would have happened on its own.

ГўВҖВңThe fact that youГўВҖВҷve called us to gather early like thisГўВҖВҰ may I take it to mean youГўВҖВҷve obtained some useful information inside?ГўВҖВқ

As the representatives gathered on our ship took their seats, the first to speak was the representative from the Mage Tower.

Wibel Ganz.

The head mage of the Rengman School and, in effect, the second-in-command of the Mage Tower, a powerful figure in charge of practical affairs.

Back when I invaded the Mage Tower over the ГўВҖВҳBarbarian heartГўВҖВҷ incident, it was this old man who came out to talk to me and resolve the situation.

ГўВҖВҳAh, is it a bit much to call him an old man?ГўВҖВҷ

I later learned that Gyuln was still only in his fifties.

Therefore, the fact that he looked at least twenty years older than his age was either genetic or due to external factors.

However, I was certain it was the latter.

Just how much did the Mage Tower Lord usually dump on him and work him to the bone, to send a man of his age all the way to this LabyrinthГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңViscount? Are you listening to me?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, my apologies. I was lost in thought.ГўВҖВқ

After looking at Gyuln with a pitying gaze for a moment, I shook off all such human emotions.

This was a place to represent oneГўВҖВҷs own interests.

Such personal feelings would only be a hindrance.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYour guess is correct. I have once again obtained new information, and that is why I have called you all.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNew information, you say. That is truly welcome news.ГўВҖВқ

Well, I didnГўВҖВҷt think it would be only welcome news by the time the conversation was over.

ГўВҖВңSo, what is this information?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs not information that will help with the conquest. The place I entered wasnГўВҖВҷt the ГўВҖВҳTwin IslandГўВҖВҷ but the reward from the previous conquest, the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe Twin SeaГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

Watching Gyuln repeat the name I had personally given the place, I began my story in earnest.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt a long story to begin with, but it was even shorter when summarized to the key points.

Another 6th floor, accessible only to the conquerors.

Increased number of creatures.

Increased drop rates.

The foreheads of each representative twitched upon hearing these ГўВҖВҳoptionsГўВҖВҷ, which could be summarized in these three lines.

They tried their best to maintain a poker face, but the story must have been shocking enough to make it difficult to bear.

Being here meant they were skilled at this kind of ГўВҖВҳcalculationГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВңTruly an incredible rewardГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt doesnГўВҖВҷt seem like a reward obtained just for surviving. It must be a reward that can only be obtained by rescuing that ГўВҖВҳAlphaГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, rounding up everyone we could find was a stroke of luck for our Beastkin Tribe! That means even more of us will gain the qualifications!ГўВҖВқ

All three clearly recognized the value of the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ.

Well, they seemed to have some doubts about the increased creature count and drop rates, but when I firmly dismissed that part, they let it go.

This was the power of my reputation as an explorer.

ГўВҖВҳIf my hypothesis is wrong, things will get a bit annoying thenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

But it didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

Not only did I judge the probability of my hypothesis being wrong to be extremely low, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳHow are they going to prove it anyway?ГўВҖВҷ

Properly quantifying things like creature counts and drop rates requires an enormous amount of time and effort.

Therefore, there was only one thing I needed to do right now.

Make the candy look even sweeter.

ГўВҖВңYou have all stumbled upon incredible luck. You all know, donГўВҖВҷt you? Vials start turning a real profit from Fifth-Rank Essences.ГўВҖВқ

The break-even point for vials was the Fifth-Rank.

With each rank up from there, and depending on the rarity of the Essence, the profits would skyrocket.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAbove all, the Sixth Floor is where monsters of all ranks appear.ГўВҖВқ

Of course, there was only one Rank 1 monster, the Sea God of Calamity.

And Rank 2 monsters could only be found in a few hidden fields or specific islands, so the maximum was realistically Rank 3, butГўВҖВҰ

The big picture remained unchanged.

ГўВҖВңThe group that can enter the Twin Sea will gain a huge advantage. Whether they sell the Essences or feed them to promising newcomers. The gap with the factions that couldnГўВҖВҷt participate in this conquest will continue to widen.ГўВҖВқ

Of course, it was a story all three might have already known even if I hadnГўВҖВҷt said it, but that didnГўВҖВҷt matter.

You should always take as much credit as you can when you can.

Especially during a negotiation.

So, I continued to explain the advantages the Twin Sea would bring besides the vials, and finally, that remark came out.

ГўВҖВңThere seems to be another reason why youГўВҖВҷre suddenly laying all this out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, there is. When we first made our calculations, we didnГўВҖВҷt know where the bottom was.ГўВҖВқ

At that time, we didnГўВҖВҷt know what the lowest possible reward would be.

We had just vaguely guessed that since it was a ГўВҖВҳnew regionГўВҖВҷ and the difficulty was high enough for a Rank 1 monster to appear, the reward would be substantial.

ГўВҖВңThe Twin Sea is the ГўВҖВҳminimumГўВҖВҷ reward. If we succeed in the conquest properly, weГўВҖВҷll gain much more.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as my words ended, the gazes of the three changed.

ГўВҖВңMeaning, we need to redo the math?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe discussion about distribution was concluded before. Redoing it now would not be right.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe are only representatives; we do not have that much authority.ГўВҖВқ

Hmph, of course these greedy devils wouldnГўВҖВҷt just let it slide.

They were having a fit as soon as I tried to touch the ГўВҖВҳdistributionГўВҖВҷ.

It was what I had expected, so I took a step back, allowing the representatives to breathe.

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt worry. I have no intention of touching the distribution.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

I let them stew for a moment before continuing.

Originally, if the reward exceeded expectations after the conquest, I was going to use that as an excuse to haggle, or if it was the opposite, I was going to make a proposal even if it meant yielding a little on the ГўВҖВҳdistributionГўВҖВҷ, butГўВҖВҰ

The situation had now changed.

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs just a small favor. When I attempt to conquer the Underground First Floor in the future, I ask that you do not interfere.ГўВҖВқ

Hearing my ГўВҖВҳsmall favorГўВҖВҷ, the three tilted their heads.

ГўВҖВңInterfere? Why would we interfere?ГўВҖВқ

They didnГўВҖВҷt seem to grasp the true intention behind this proposal yet.

ГўВҖВңAh, is it because of the legal issues? As per the kingdomГўВҖВҷs law, entry to the Underground First Floor is forbidden.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI seeГўВҖВҰ so you plan to amend that law first.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you are asking us to go against the will of the Royal Family, I can absolutely not promise that.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWould I really make such a request? ItГўВҖВҷs just a favor to ask you not to interfere with me as much as possible, provided the situation doesnГўВҖВҷt require opposing the Royal FamilyГўВҖВҷs will.ГўВҖВқ

After I gave my assurance regarding the ГўВҖВҳRoyal FamilyГўВҖВҷ, which they had all been wary of, the three of them relaxed their expressions.

ГўВҖВңHmm, I can promise that much on my own authority.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAfter all, it is information the Viscount has brought usГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

After an agreement was reached, we began to draft a new treaty in earnest.

Here, the three representatives put their heads together and added quite a few clauses.

ГўВҖВҳHeh, theyГўВҖВҷve added a lot.ГўВҖВҷ

1. The Mage Council, the Beastkin Tribe, and the Fairy Tribe will not interfere when Viscount Yandel and his forces attempt to conquer the Underground First Floor.

To regulate this single clause, dozens of lines of clauses were inscribed.

Starting with how ГўВҖВҳnot interferingГўВҖВҷ in Clause 1 does not imply political, financial, or military assistanceГўВҖВҰ

To things like, if the Royal Family does such and such, Clause 1 becomes void, and so on.

I also raised objections or challenged a few parts, but I wasnГўВҖВҷt really serious.

I just judged that they would be less wary if I did so.

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ I think this should be sufficient.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI agree.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThank you for your generous understanding, Viscount. We canГўВҖВҷt help but be cautious when it comes to matters related to the Royal FamilyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

After the final review was complete, the seals representing the ГўВҖВҳagreementГўВҖВҷ of the Mage Tower, Fairy, and Beastkin factions were stamped on the treaty.

A treaty divided into four copies.

I carefully picked up one of them and stored it in my pocket dimension, smiling quietly.

A smirk.

With this, the Mage Tower, the Beastkin Tribe, and the Fairy Tribe could no longer interfere with the conquest of the Underground First Floor, as long as it was unrelated to the Royal Family.

ГўВҖВҳOne hurdle is cleared.ГўВҖВҷ

Now, all thatГўВҖВҷs left is to succeed in the conquest.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 904 ---

Chapter 904: Second Playthrough (3)

First, these are the forces dispatched from each faction.

Nine Mages and one Archmage from the Mage Tower.

And thirty Fourth and Fifth Rank Mages.

The Mage Corps of forty men, led by the Mages and the Archmage, is powerful enough, but the true highlight is something else.

The magi-tech warship equipped with 'Little Flare'. 'Little Flare' has power comparable to a Rank 1 attack spell, and the Mage Tower has prepared a total of ten shots.

'They said one shot costs about seven to eight hundred million StoneГўВҖВҰ'

Adding the maintenance cost of the magi-tech warship and other miscellaneous expenses, itГўВҖВҷs as if the Mage Tower alone has invested around ten billion Stone worth of resources into this conquest.

'And the Fairies aren't falling behind either.'

In fact, the Fairy Tribe's investment was a bit surprising to me.

Not only did they invest two of the three 'Arrows of Paralysis' their tribe possessedГўВҖВҰ

'A total of 114 members, including the Pureblood Order.'

And every single one of them is either a core member of the Fairy Tribe's forces or a promising youth who will lead their future.

They also said that if they combine their powers, they can even summon the Spirit King.

Ah, the Beastkin also put in a lot of effort.

'Should I say they scraped together everything they had?'

In terms of numbers alone, the Beastkin are the most numerous.

A whopping 240 explorers of Fifth Rank or higher.

However, since they don't have things like the Arrows of Paralysis or Little Flare, the Beastkin covered all the costs for the strategic resources needed for the conquest...

'They even brought a bunch of Priests.'

The Beastkin alone brought thirty Priests.

And those thirty aren't just ordinary Priests.

The 'Three Gods Orchestra', which is especially effective in large-scale battles.

They basically borrowed the entire orchestra.

'They said they used most of the Merit Points the entire Beastkin tribe had accumulated...'

At this point, it seems like an investment where they've staked the fate of their tribe, but after hearing about the 'Twin Sea', the Beastkin representative looked very pleased.

Well, they do have the most people.

'If I had known it would be like this, I would have brought a bunch of Barbarians too...'

If I had my way, I'd want to stop the conquest and wait for the next playthrough, but...

Considering the invested personnel and resources, that's impossible.

'Somehow, we've become the weakest link...'

It would have been different if the original members of the Anabada Clan were here.

As of now, with a total of eleven members, we have the fewest people.

Well, since I'm the leader and I'll be carrying the team, I didn't lose out on the distribution.

'Anyway, this is an insane level...'

Checking the conquest party's strength again, I can't help but think it's crazy.

This much military power and resources?

We could probably take down about three Rank 1 monsters.

'Is it because they can only recoup their investment if we succeed for sure? Everyone invested like crazy.'

As I was lost in these thoughts, a Mage from the Mage Tower who was on our ship approached and spoke to me.

ГўВҖВңWe've received word that all the warships are ready. Viscount, please prepare yourself."

Right, it's time to depart.

Ba-dump!

Let's see what we can do.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Twin Sea has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢRe-entry is permanently restricted.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢUpon death, the character will be resurrected after losing all possessions and memories.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Twisted Pilgrim is watching your one and only story with great interest.ГЈВҖВҚ

***

Shwaaaaaa!

Dozens of warships cut through the waves, moving forward.

However, it's hard to describe it as a magnificent sight.

Because I only know in my head that dozens of ships are moving together; I can't actually see them.

ГўВҖВңI'd heard about it, but this is a truly useful spell.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThat's because it was originally developed for military use. From more than ten meters away, you can only see a faint outline, and if you get further away, you can't even see the outline."

ГўВҖВңCan we enchant our ship with this spell later, like the magi-tech warships?"

ГўВҖВңNormally, it would be impossible, but you should inquire about it. Since you are a titled noble, Viscount, you might get permission.ГўВҖВқ

We have currently entered the 'Twin Islands' with the 'Ghost Ship' spell cast on all our vessels.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

We're not talking about one or two small boats.

If a large fleet like this suddenly appeared on the open sea, it would inevitably be spotted by the Imperial Army.

However...

ГўВҖВңSeeing no reaction from Rymia Island, it seems we weren't caught.ГўВҖВқ

The first step went off without a hitch.

ГўВҖВңHaha, that's why I told you not to worry. 'Ghost Ship' is one of the best spells developed by the Mage Tower for military use.ГўВҖВқ

"But now I'm a little curious. It's a spell you wouldn't use anywhere but the Sixth Floor, so why put so much effort into creating it?"

ГўВҖВңThat's true now, but during the era of the Immortal King, the Royal Family was heavily involved in the Labyrinth. They always sent their legions into it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo? What does that have to do with anything?"

ГўВҖВңHaha...... I must tell you beforehand, this story isn't completely confirmed.ГўВҖВқ

"I get it, just tell me already."

ГўВҖВңThere's a story that during the era of the Immortal King, the Royal Family's special forces used ships with this spell to hunt on the Sixth Floor. Not monsters, but those who harbored rebellious intentions against the Royal Family.ГўВҖВқ

"Ah......."

So it was made for hunting humans.

At first glance, it sounds like a conspiracy theory, but if the Royal Family is involved, it feels like a story that could very well be true.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, we've already arrived.ГўВҖВқ

We arrived at Parune Island incomparably faster than in the previous playthrough, docked our ships on the coast, and disembarked.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThey say everyone is ready.ГўВҖВқ

After waiting for a moment without setting off, a signal came from the Mage Tower Mage who also acted as our communications officer.

"Alright, shall we go.ГўВҖВқ

We promptly entered the island and swiftly headed towards its center.

There were no battles to speak of during the process.

At most, there was just a swarm of Krungbees.

Of course, for Peter, they were enemies he had to fight while chugging Potions...

Fwoosh!

Before they could even get within a certain distance of us, they were burned away.

No one even had to draw a weapon; the Mages took care of it.

'So far, it's going as we expected.'

After venturing deep into the forest, I could finally be certain.

This island, which the Chief Researcher had turned into a Sea of Fire in the last playthrough, is currently intact.

In other words, the premise that it 'resets' with each playthrough was correct.

ГўВҖВҳThen that means Tesik is probably imprisoned and being tortured again right now...'

It was then, as we were getting closer to the village.

ГўВҖВңA Siren. I will bring it.ГўВҖВқ

A Guide and Scout from Armin's expedition.

Mikhail Rektas, with a brilliant record as a former agent of the Royal Investigation Department, suddenly dashed into the forest and soon returned, having caught a Siren.

It all happened in the blink of an eye.

[Let... let go of meГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»!]

The Siren, its limbs restrained, thrashed on the ground.

It feels strange.

In fact, this is to be expected now, but back when I was Peter, it was the opposite.

I was the one caught in a net, thrashing like this.

[Damn Imperials! How dare you break the treaty! This is why we should never have trusted those Imperial bastardsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!]

ГўВҖВңIs this the Ancient Language? I can't understand it.ГўВҖВқ

To Mikhail's emotionless question of whether I wanted to kill it, I shook my head.

Considering the plan ahead, it was better to avoid killing if possible, and I had notified all the conquest leaders of this.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

Thwack!

I just knocked it out to make it easier to carry.

Since this is my second playthrough, I don't feel the need to talk to it, and the things I'm curious about can't be explained by a mere grunt like this.

ГўВҖВңLet's keep moving.ГўВҖВқ

After quickly resolving the situation, we started moving again and soon arrived at the outskirts of the village.

However, perhaps because I was more familiar with the terrain and arrived a bit earlier, I had to wait for a short while even after reaching our destination.

Well, it wasn't for too long.

ГўВҖВңWe have a report that everyone is in position.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen you guys wait here.ГўВҖВқ

After receiving the call from the communications officer, I immediately slung the unconscious Siren over my shoulder and headed for the village entrance.

Thud, thud.

A confident stride towards the main gate, with no attempt to hide my identity.

Naturally, the village spotted me as well.

[A, a human?]

[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰHe's carrying Arukuku on his back!]

[It's an enemy!!]

I could hear the sea monsters standing on the palisade shouting clamorously, and I stopped at a suitable distance.

And ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»

Thump!

I roughly tossed the Siren I was carrying over my shoulder, letting it fall in front of the village entrance.

[What are you doing! Identify yourself!]

One of the sea monsters on the palisade shouted something.

I think I saw him a few times when I lived in this village, but I don't really know who he is.

It's hard to tell their faces apart.

...

Regardless of what the monsters above were yelling, I remained silent, offering no response.

Arrows and Supernatural Abilities flew at me from time to time, but I ignored them as well.

After standing there for a long time, a being I could communicate with finally appeared.

[Who are you? If you were sent by the Empire, you should properly reveal your identity and engage in conversation.]

The Siren Queen.

The one in charge of this village, acting on behalf of the 'Ruler of Storms'.

The queen's eyes were filled with vigilance and fear.

Unlike when she dealt with Level 2 Peter.

[I am.]

As soon as I opened my mouth, the queen's ears perked up.

An attitude of complete focus on my not-so-loud voice.

[Bjorn, son of Yandel.]

[ГўВҖВҰThat is not an Imperial naming style.]

As soon as I revealed my identity, a strange light flickered in the queen's eyes.

[That's right. I have no connection to the Empire.]

[Then how did you come to this island?]

I thought a lot during the planning stage.

Among the options was a story where I would be tortured and acknowledged, just like in the first playthrough.

It was a route that could surely win their favor, as I had done it once before.

And it was peaceful, for one thing.

'But I decided to discard that method.'

First and foremost, it was a waste of time.

The second reason was right here, unfolding before my eyes.

Look at that queen's attitude right now.

Is it anything like how she treated Peter?

Peter had gained the favor of these sea monsters, but the queen still hid things from me.

Well, I don't intend to blame her for that.

Because in this world, there are truths that are never permitted to the weak.

Right, soГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

[If you do not state your business at onceГЈВ…ВЎ]

I firmly cut off the vigilant queen's words.

[From now on.]

In truth, my reason for visiting this island hasn't changed much from then to now.

Gathering information.

That's why I came to this island.

However, since this is my second playthrough, the method has changed quite a bit.

It's standard practice to proceed straightforwardly in a second playthrough, isn't it?

Just like this.

[I, Bjorn son of Yandel, will occupy this island.]

As soon as my words ended, the monsters standing on the palisade, including the queen, all readied their weapons.

From my perspective, it was a completely useless action.

[It would be wise to lower your weapons.]

[You cannot handle all of us alone.]

In truth, it would be nothing for me to turn this village into a wasteland by myself, but these creatures don't know what kind of person I am.

So I suppose I should be a little considerate.

If you show a primitive man a nuclear bomb, he'll just wonder what it is.

A more intuitive method is needed.

[Therefore, you are the one who-.]

Snap.

The moment I snapped my fingers, cutting off the queen's words.

An unconscious sea monster is thrown from the forest.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.

Heh, they caught quite a few.

[The patrol teamsГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ? W-what is thisГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»ГЈВғВ»?]

Anyway, has she still not grasped the situation?

The conquest party members who had been hiding in the forest all step forward at once, revealing themselves.

The reason we didn't move together from the start and departed from different locations was for this very moment.

To ensure not a single one could escape.

To form a perfect siege.

[Ah, ah.......]

Seeing the hundreds of people surrounding the entire village, the queen's face turns deathly pale.

A look of someone who has completely lost the will to fight.

Well, if you're caught in a complete siege, that kind of reaction is inevitable.

[Lower your weapons.]

I spoke again, changing the nuance slightly from before.

But what is this?

The reaction was a little different this time.

As the queen nodded with a devastated expression, the bewildered monsters began to lower their weapons one by one.

They didn't even pretend to listen when I asked nicely.

ГўВҖВҳWhy does everyone only listen when you speak harshly?'

As a Barbarian who loves peace, I can't help but feel devastated.

But still.

If that is the absolute, unchanging truth of this cruel world.

ГўВҖВңI suppose I have no choice but to follow it.'

KwwaaaaaaaaaaangГўВҖВ”!

Smashing through the palisade gate, a prime example of shoddy construction, I entered the village and spoke to the dazed residents.

[You're all needlessly large, so our eye levels don't match.]

Considering my height, I don't really need to look up at the Sirens or the queen, but in this situation, that's not the right eye level.

[Kneel.]

In this world governed by the law of the jungle, making eye contact is an act only possible between equals.

[Then, I will grant you a conversation.]

Speaking nicely was enough when I was Peter.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 905 ---

Chapter 905: Second Playthrough (4)

It was a strange thing.

[My QueenГўВҖВҰ! You must fight them to the very endГўВҖВҰ!]

[Did you not see our palisade get destroyed? Of course, not all of them might be such monstersГўВҖВҰ but look at our captured patrol team.

Not a single one of them was able to even send word back to the village.

And among all of them, none appear to be injured.]

[But!]

[Enough! I will engage in dialogue for now.

If they are not Imperials, we might be able to reason with them.

Is it not true that none among the captured patrol team are dead?]

In the past, these sea monsters had only barely believed that I was not an Imperial after torturing Peter.

But why was it different this time?

Despite me not making any attempt to persuade her, the Queen believed I was not an Imperial.

ГўВҖВңAh, is it a bit of a stretch to say she completely believes me?ГўВҖВқ

The Queen just wants to believe.

That the invader with the peculiar name ГўВҖВҳBjorn son of YandelГўВҖВҷ might not be an ГўВҖВҳImperialГўВҖВҷ.

Because that is all the weak can do.

Well, the fact that they couldn't understand our language must have contributed to that hopeful thinking.

ГўВҖВңOh, itГўВҖВҷs quite fascinating how the monsters arenГўВҖВҷt attacking.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd Viscount Yandel is even having a conversation with them. I canГўВҖВҷt understand a thing since itГўВҖВҷs in the Ancient Language, though.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңTo think there are monsters we can communicate withГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The unit members, watching over the kneeling villagers after entering the village, seemed to find the whole situation fascinating.

Understandably so, since the monsters of the Labyrinth display killing intent toward Explorers as if they were cursed.

There are many like Goblins that flee when at a disadvantage, but most monsters will charge to kill a person until the very end, even with their limbs torn off.

ГўВҖВңHey, didnГўВҖВҷt you say you know the Ancient Language? Could I ask you to interpret? IГўВҖВҷm quite curious about their conversation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰ ItГўВҖВҷs not like IГўВҖВҷm taking my time to decipher a text. At the speed theyГўВҖВҷre talkingГўВҖВҰ I can only catch simple things.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou were bragging so much about knowing the Ancient Language beforeГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmph, so you donГўВҖВҷt want to hear it?ГўВҖВқ

It seemed there was someone among the Mage Tower members who could speak the Ancient Language to some extent.

Well, if I were the Mage Tower Lord, I would have given bonus points to anyone who knew the Ancient Language during recruitment.

Anyway.

[You said you are Bjorn son of Yandel.

I am the one responsible for this villageГўВҖВ”]

[No need for introductions.

From now on, I will ask, and you will answer.

If you do that well, we will leave this village as is.

Understood?]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

[If you understand, say you understand.]

[ГўВҖВҰI understand.]

The Queen answered reluctantly, and the 'conversation' that followed proceeded very quickly and efficiently.

There was no need for a battle of wits to gain the upper hand, and no reason for us to concede anything to obtain information.

[You made a treaty with the Imperial Army.

What exactly is that treaty?]

[YouГўВҖВҰ didnГўВҖВҷt you say you werenГўВҖВҷt an Imperial?]

[I believe I said only I would be asking the questions.]

The Queen miserably bit her lip.

But on the other hand, was it because it was a question an Imperial would never ask?

The Queen obediently answered the first question.

[The treaty is about a ceasefire.

Because we must not shed meaningless blood.]

For me, who knew the whole truth, it was a statement that couldn't be more psychopathic.

What? We must not shed meaningless blood?

If Tesik, who was probably locked in a laboratory with a stake driven through him at this very moment, heard that, he would clutch the back of his neck and collapse.

ГўВҖВҳMore importantly, sheГўВҖВҷs still trying to hide her cards.ГўВҖВҷ

Slightly annoyed by her attitude, I spoke without hiding my displeasure.

[The treaty canГўВҖВҷt be just about that, can it? YouГўВҖВҷve conveniently left out the part about the hostage.]

[That isГўВҖВ”]

[DonГўВҖВҷt make excuses.

This is the first time.

Pray it wonГўВҖВҷt be the second.

Not unless you want to see plenty of that meaningless blood you spoke of.]

This is why interrogation techniques exist.

Only by asking a few questions I already know the answer to and showing that I see through her will the quality of her answers improve.

Just like this.

[You made a treaty with the Imperial Army.

What exactly is that treaty?]

[ГўВҖВҰWe handed over the Bloodline of the Idol that the Empire desired as a hostage, and in return, we gained peace for this island.

But we couldnГўВҖВҷt trust how long the Empire would honor the treaty, so the original Idol of this island went to find the Ruler of the Polar Seas.

To ask for help.]

A much more specific and detailed answer than before.

Peter probably wouldnГўВҖВҷt have gotten such an answer no matter what he did.

ГўВҖВҳThe Ruler of the Polar Seas must be referring to the Sea God of Calamity, Leviathan.ГўВҖВҷ

This changes the order of causality.

The Sea God of Calamity didnГўВҖВҷt appear because the Empire broke the treaty and burned down Parune Island.

The residents of Parune Island were planning to summon the Sea God of Calamity from the beginning.

So, to put it simplyГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI can summarize it asГўВҖВҰ the Sea God of Calamity will appear on Day 50.ГўВҖВҷ

Okay, IГўВҖВҷve obtained important information right from the start.

Of course, I have no intention of being satisfied with just this.

[Tell me about the Blessing and the Engraving.]

[The Blessing is a ritual similar to baptism in human religions.

ItГўВҖВҷs a sacred ritual of offering oneГўВҖВҷs own blood, so once a bond is formed, they treat each other like parent and child.]

[What about the Engraving?]

[This is also a sacred ritual, but it is far less significant than the Blessing.

Since it doesnГўВҖВҷt involve any physical changes, it is sometimes used when dealing with ГўВҖВҳhumansГўВҖВҷ.

Many pilgrims remain at the engraving stage.]

In martial arts terms, the ГўВҖВҳBlessingГўВҖВҷ is like being a formal disciple, while the ГўВҖВҳEngravingГўВҖВҷ is like being a lay disciple.

[What exact abilities can one use after receiving your Engraving?]

[First, the body is greatly enhanced, and when singing, the power of the sea imbues the song, weakening enemies.]

Hmm, that sounds like the [Song of the Sea].

So, an Engraving gives you a skill.

[Can one receive an Engraving multiple times?]

[No. One can only receive an Engraving once.]

ItГўВҖВҷs a concept that didnГўВҖВҷt exist in the game, so IГўВҖВҷm quite curious, but the lack of information makes me more cautious.

Ah, is there a need to be cautious?

[Can you use the ГўВҖВҳEngravingГўВҖВҷ on one of us?]

[ГўВҖВҰDo I have a choice?]

[Ah, I misspoke.

Use the ГўВҖВҳEngravingГўВҖВҷ on one of us.]

In response to the forceful command, the Queen replied with bitter eyes.

[If itГўВҖВҷs just one person.]

Honestly, I was a bit dumbfounded.

She said sheГўВҖВҷd only give it as a reward for killing Tesik back when it was Peter.

***

I obtained the reward for the first playthroughГўВҖВҷs quest with just a few threats.

For some reason, this gave me a sense of disillusionment, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳI have to do what I have to do.ГўВҖВҷ

As soon as I got her confirmation, I stopped talking to the Queen and returned to my group.

Finding a volunteer was much slower than I expected.

The Mage Tower members passed, saying that while they were curious, it might be dangerous for a Mage to receive it.

The Fairies also passed, saying a one-time-only Engraving felt unsettling.

ГўВҖВң[Song of the Sea] is a fairly useful abilityГўВҖВҰ We will take this one.ГўВҖВқ

In the end, a volunteer came from the Beastkin.

Level 6.

He had all six of his Essence slots filled, making him the perfect test subject.

He seemed quite willing himself.

[Child of man, from this moment, you shall inherit a fragment of the Earth Mother, so do not take this lightly and always be grateful for her grace.]

ГўВҖВңUmГўВҖВҰ what is she saying?ГўВҖВқ

[SighГўВҖВҰ To think IГўВҖВҷd be placing an Engraving on someone who doesnГўВҖВҷt even understand our language, let alone the grace of the Earth Mother.]

[Just get on with it.]

The Queen then went to the volunteer and placed her index finger on his forehead.

The female volunteer was startled, thinking a tattoo might be left on her forehead, but she quietly accepted it after being told no such mark would remainГўВҖВҰ.

[UhГўВҖВҰ Why is thisГўВҖВҰ?]

Suddenly, the Queen froze during the procedure.

ГўВҖВңWhat is she saying now? ItГўВҖВҷs not going wrong, is it? Huh? Right?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI donГўВҖВҷt know. She seems flustered, thoughГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

[What is it? If thereГўВҖВҷs a problem, speak.]

[WellГўВҖВҰ the Engraving isnГўВҖВҷt working.

ItГўВҖВҷs as if thereГўВҖВҷs no room left in the soul to carve it.

Has this person already received an Engraving?]

I told the Queen that wasn't the case, but I had a hunch.

No, it was more than a hunch.

I was certain.

ГўВҖВңSo thisГўВҖВҰ it uses an Essence slot?ГўВҖВқ

The ГўВҖВҳEngravingГўВҖВҷ was worse than I thought.

It uses an Essence slot? Then who would receive an Engraving of a Siren Queen?

When I shared the information, the other representatives also had strange reactions.

ГўВҖВңIt uses an Essence slotГўВҖВҰ ItГўВҖВҷs not as good an arrangement as I thought.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңStill, it doesnГўВҖВҷt seem too bad. If it were a stronger being than a Siren Queen, the story would be different.ГўВҖВқ

Well, sureГўВҖВҰ hearing that, itГўВҖВҷs not completely useless.

It means you can copy an Essence.

ГўВҖВңAre there any volunteers among the suitable candidates who have an empty slot?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs still a Rank 4 Essence, so there should be some.ГўВҖВқ

We began recruiting again to get accurate data, and for some reason, unlike the first time, there were several volunteers.

ГўВҖВҳThe fact that it uses one Essence slot seems to have eliminated their anxiety.ГўВҖВҷ

After all, the concept of an ГўВҖВҳEssenceГўВҖВҷ is much more familiar to us than an ГўВҖВҳEngravingГўВҖВҷ.

The Barbarians even have a similar ritual called ГўВҖВҳSoul InheritanceГўВҖВҷ.

[ГўВҖВҰThankfully, it finished safely this time.]

The next volunteer, who had an empty Essence slot, successfully completed the Engraving, and after some quick tests, we obtained valuable data.

Engraving = Essence.

The formula was now completely confirmed.

IГўВҖВҷll have to check if the Engraving can be removed at a Temple once we return to the city.

ГўВҖВҳI feel like it might be possibleГўВҖВҰ Anyway, now that I know exactly what the reward was for the quest Peter received, I feel a bit of anger after the initial sense of futility.ГўВҖВҷ

After all, what was the quest content?

ГўВҖВҳInfiltrate the Imperial Army, which has a Chief Researcher and even Berzak, and kill Tesik.ГўВҖВҷ

They give a quest with that insane difficulty, and the reward is just a Rank 4 Essence?

And itГўВҖВҷs not even Guardian-level, just a regular Essence?

ГўВҖВҳDo they have a conscienceГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

The more I think about it, the more absurd it is, but on the other hand, I wonder if I was thinking about it all wrong.

Because IГўВҖВҷm a [Dungeon & Stone] player.

A Rank 1 difficulty quest with a Rank 4 reward.

IГўВҖВҷd never deny that [Dungeon & Stone] is a vicious game, but it doesnГўВҖВҷt pursue such an unreasonable exchange rate.

Therefore, itГўВҖВҷs right to think of it this way.

Threatening them with a blade is the standard route.

After all, destroying this one village is, at most, a Rank 4 difficulty task.

ГўВҖВҳA Rank 4 quest with a Rank 4 reward.ГўВҖВҷ

Thinking of it this way puts my mind at ease.

Well, itГўВҖВҷs not something I should be this worked up about anyway.

Anyway.

Back to the original topic.

[Bring me TetraseaГўВҖВҷs twin sister, Rymia.]

This was the matter I considered most important for my visit to this island.

I had lived on this island for about a week, but I had never even heard a mention of ГўВҖВҳRymiaГўВҖВҷ.

[How do you know of that childГўВҖВҰ?]

Seeing the Queen flustered as if I had struck her weakness, I grinned.

How do I know?

I know because I heard it from the first playthroughГўВҖВҷs Tesik.

I canГўВҖВҷt honestly reveal it because of the unspoken rule of regressors.

[ГўВҖВҰWar Chief!]

Having lost her will to fight after realizing I knew even the name, the Queen ordered her subordinate to bring TesikГўВҖВҷs sibling.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Ah, helloГўВҖВҰ]

The moment I saw ГўВҖВҳRymiaГўВҖВҷ looking up at me with a terrified expression, I froze.

Putting aside the fact that it was a younger sister.

[A humanГўВҖВҰ?]

Why in the world is it not a Stormgush?

As I mumbled blankly, the Queen tilted her head as if she had heard something strange.

[Did you not already know? She is still a pilgrimГўВҖВҰ]

ThatГўВҖВҷs right.

A pilgrim is a ГўВҖВҳhumanГўВҖВҷ who follows the Earth Mother.

Not a monster that has mutated after receiving the ГўВҖВҳBlessingГўВҖВҷ.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 906 ---

Chapter 906: Second Playthrough (5)

I know more about the faith of the Earth Mother than most people.

That's because I've been through a lot in the Labyrinth.

It's a topic I'm interested in, too.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

'This is the first I've heard about the concept of a blessing.'

For a moment, my head seemed to ring.

I steadied my breath and opened my mouth, looking not at Rymia, but at the Queen.

[ГўВҖВҰWere you all Pilgrims once, too?]

[No, that is not the case.

Bestowing the blessing of the Earth Mother is a sacred ritual that may happen only once in a lifetime.

As such, those who receive the blessing are very rare.

Aside from this child, all the members of the village are purebloods like myself.]

Right, so not all the monsters are of human origin.

That makes sense.

Monsters existed back when I experienced the Empire while acting as a 'mercenary' in the First Floor Rift.

The faith of the Earth Mother was a religion for monsters in the first place.

Pilgrim was a term for those who betrayed humanity to side with the monsters.

Pilgrims and purebloods.

And the Blessed One.

It seems they are divided into these three types.

For one, Tetrasea was a Blessed One whose appearance had completely changed into that of a monster.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'But the System definitely used the term 'Pilgrim'.'

When I played [Dungeon & Stone], the Lord of Tears, Tetrasea, also had the title 'Twisted Pilgrim'.

I clearly remember the message that always appeared at the start of Phase 3: 'The Twisted Pilgrim defies Fate.'

So what in the world happened?

'Could it be that she later evolves into a Floor Lord using her brother's name?'

As my gaze fell upon her, Rymia flinched and averted her eyes.

My first impression was that of an ordinary girl in her early teens, nothing particularly specialГўВҖВҰ

'Ugh, my head is suddenly starting to hurtГўВҖВҰ'

It felt like I suddenly had too much to think about, but I decided not to overcomplicate things.

When I thought about it, the same was true for the Lord of Chaos.

The text that appeared just before he was defeated proved it.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Ancient Pilgrim rejects the corrupted power.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Ancient Pilgrim is annihilated.ГЈВҖВҚ

The one who had the form of the most heinous monster also belonged to the 'Pilgrim' category.

And Tesik was also a 'Pilgrim' by origin.

Since he wasn't a pureblood, a born monster, it wouldn't be strange for him to have the 'Pilgrim' title, butГўВҖВҰ

'Well, that doesn't mean she isn't important.'

According to my gamer's intuition, 'Rymia' is highly likely to be the key to conquering these 'Twin Islands'.

No matter how I look at it, this doesn't seem like a place where you can just beat everything and be done.

The fact that there are NPCs I can converse with, even with the restriction of the Ancient Language, is proof of that.

Right, soГўВҖВҰ

[Nice to meet you, Rymia.

I know how we must look to you, but to introduce ourselvesГўВҖВҰ we are people who have gathered to rescue your brother, who was taken by those bastards from the Empire.]

I revealed the truth, partly to raise her favorability early on.

But was that hard for her to believe?

[ГўВҖВҰIs that really true?]

Only the Queen's eyes widened as she asked, while Rymia herself said nothing.

Though, it seemed she'd become a little curious now that her brother was mentioned.

[Are you really trying to save that childГўВҖВ”]

Hey, why do you keep interrupting?

I shot the Queen a glare, and she flinched and stopped talking.

I approached Rymia, knelt on one knee, and met her eyes.

[I'm going to ask you a few things to save your brother, and I'd appreciate it if you answer honestly.]

[Will you answer?]

[ГўВҖВҰYes.]

Rymia reluctantly nodded at my repeated question.

Tsk, if it were Peter, she wouldn't be this scared.

[When did you and your brother come to this island?]

[ГўВҖВҰA year ago.]

[How did you end up on this island? An island with only monsters?]

The reason I used the word 'monster' instead of 'pureblood' was because I wanted to test something.

For some reason, I got the feeling she was afraid not just of me, but of the Queen as well.

[This island was originally a place often visited by PilgrimsГўВҖВ”]

[I wasn't asking you.

Monster.]

[Now, Rymia.

Will you tell me? How did you and your brother end up on this island?]

Rymia remained silent at my question.

It wasn't that she didn't want to answer; I could clearly see her glancing at the Queen beside her.

'So she is afraid.'

Now that my suspicion had turned to certainty, there was no reason to hesitate any longer.

After all, children only understand when you show them.

[As you can see, the child is a bit introverГўВҖВ”]

ГўВҖВңAinar! Every time the Siren Queen opens her mouth, pick one and kill them.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰWhat did you just say?]

Ah, that?

[It seems you don't understand words.

I said to kill one of them every time you open your mouthГўВҖВ”]

Pshuk!

[Ah, I didn't think she'd kill one right away.

What a shame.]

As a monster impaled by a spear turned to light and vanished, the residents screamed and shouted something.

But amidst it all, the Queen was quiet.

It seemed she was desperately holding her tongue, afraid a spear would fly at her if she opened her mouth again.

She should have done that from the start.

[Now that it's quiet, I'll ask again.

How did you and your brother end up on this island?]

It was the third time I'd repeated the question.

Rymia, trembling, finally opened her mouth.

Though, it wasn't an answer to my question.

[ГўВҖВҰDid you really come to save Teddy?]

[Teddy?]

[It's a nickname we use for each other.]

[Ah, I see.

Anyway, to answer your questionГўВҖВҰ whether you believe me or not is your choice, but it is the truth.

My goal is to save Tesik.]

[TesikГўВҖВҰ?]

[That's the nickname I use for your brother.]

[AhГўВҖВҰ]

Did she like the Barbarian-style banter?

Or was it just because it seemed like I knew her brother?

I wasn't sure, but one thing was certain.

Rymia's wariness toward me had noticeably decreased.

To the point where she would bring something up without being asked.

[ГўВҖВҰHe's not.]

[Hmm?]

[He's not my older brother.

I'm the older sister.

I was born first, but he insists otherwise.]

[Ah, is that soГўВҖВҰ?]

I hadn't expected this bold side of her, but it wasn't bad.

It meant she was ready to talk.

[Okay.

Ask me anything.

I'll answer everything I know.]

UhГўВҖВҰ I appreciate you saying so, butГўВҖВҰ

[ГўВҖВҰHow did you two end up on this island?]

This is the fourth time I've asked that question, kid.

***

Was it because the Queen's interference was gone?

The conversation with Rymia flowed smoothly, and thanks to that, I was able to hear Tesik's story.

While Tesik had tried to avoid talking about the important parts, Rymia held nothing back.

[It wasn't our choice to come to this island, or for Teddy to become such a terrible monster.

None of it was what we wanted.]

[The ship we were on was wrecked, and we happened to end up on this island.

The village took us in.

There was only one condition: to follow the faith of the Earth Mother.]

[It wasn't a difficult thing to do.

No, it was actually good.

Just because we served the same god, we didn't have to starve or get beatenГўВҖВҰ]

[While we were living well like that, Teddy suddenly told me with a serious face that he'd decided to receive the idol's blessingГўВҖВҰ I asked him if he was crazy, what he was talking about, but no amount of persuasion worked.]

[It was strange.

Until then, Teddy had been as skeptical of the blessing as I wasГўВҖВҰ and to be honest, the idol didn't think highly enough of either of us to grant a blessing.

We'd only met a few timesГўВҖВҰ]

[Teddy said he had caught the idol's eye and didn't want to miss this chance.

There was nothing more I could do.]

[ButГўВҖВҰ I'm sure of it.

It wasn't Teddy's will.]

[Those monsters seem to think I don't know anything because I'm young, but I don't believe it was a coincidence that Teddy was taken by the Imperial Army just a few days after receiving the blessing.]

[Teddy was just sacrificed for the peace of this island.]

I listened to the whole story without interrupting and couldn't help but sigh.

'So this was a truly malicious village, huh?'

Ssk, I turned my gaze, and the Queen, whose eyes met mine, flinched.

It's the same principle as a thief having an uneasy conscience.

I signaled to Ainar that I would talk to her, then asked the Queen.

[Did the Empire really demand 'Tetrasea' as the price for the 'treaty'?]

I had told her it was okay to speak now, but the Queen remained silent.

Her silence was the answer.

[What the Empire demanded was StormgushГўВҖВҰ so, the idol of this village.

That idol bastard didn't want to be taken, so he used a blessing to create a substitute.]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

[Well, it's obvious how he persuaded Tesik even without hearing it.

He must have used his sister.]

Hey, did you sew your lips shut?

[From now on, silence is the wrong answer.]

As I said that and gestured with my eyes toward Ainar, the Queen's mouth finally opened.

[ГўВҖВҰIt's as you say.

But please understand.

Those children would have died anyway if not for usГўВҖВ”]

[Ugh, lies every time you open your mouth.

You were the ones who destroyed the ship in the first place.]

This wasn't a guess; I was certain.

The slave ship they were on was likely heading to an island occupied by the Imperial Army.

It would have been full of Peter's predecessors, the 127th test subjects.

[There's a misunderstandingГўВҖВҰ! We only attacked to cut off the Imperial Army's supplies, and taking the two children into the village after hearing their pitiful story was all done out of goodwill!]

Hmm, this part seems to be the truth.

So, on to the next question.

[Do you believe that idol bastard can bring something like the Ruler of the Polar Seas?]

Right, you don't believe it either.

That's why in the first playthrough, you gave me the quest to grant peace to the suffering Tesik.

Though, in reality, it was a quest for your own satisfaction.

'Should I say she at least has a conscienceГўВҖВҰ? Just from her words, it seems like this all happened because Stormgush is a piece of trash.'

The situation is slowly becoming clear.

The primary culprit is the Empire, and after that is Stormgush, who is called the 'idol'.

If I were to rank them based on emotion, the order might change, but rationally, that's how it is.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

'First, I'll smash the Empire, and if that still feels lacking, I'll take care of Stormgush too.'

My future course of action was set.

***

After that, I talked more with Rymia and the Queen, but besides satisfying a bit of personal curiosity, there were no major gains.

The same went for the results of looting the entire village with all the members of the raid party.

My expectations were completely off.

'Nothing worthwhile is showing up.'

It wasn't like we did a half-assed job of looting either.

We didn't just search every nook and cranny of the warehouses and buildings; we smashed everything down until nothing but the traces of the village's foundation remained, yet nothing came out.

[W-why did you do this to the villageГўВҖВҰ?]

The Queen looked at the village, which had become Ruins in an instant, with a devastated expression, but it couldn't be helped.

After all, isn't it an Explorer's virtue to smash everything in a new field?

Level 2 Peter had only refrained because he lacked the strength.

ГўВҖВңWhat a shame. To think there's not a single one of Gabrielius's Arrangements in a place like thisГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe strongest monster here is only Rank 4, so maybe it's to be expectedГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, I suppose the main course is Rymia Island, after all.ГўВҖВқ

Most of the explorers weren't interested in the 'spoils of war' gathered in the center of the village, but I was a bit different.

While casually looking around to see if there was anything, I saw an item and flinched.

"Hmm? What's that, Bjorn?"

ГўВҖВңA military uniform.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh? Is it good?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, not really, for now.ГўВҖВқ

Elfire's military uniform, which had been useful in the first playthrough.

However, now I had no need to rely on a cursed item, so as soon as I found it, I asked a Mage to burn it.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Let's go together, Rymia.

To where your brother is.]

[ГўВҖВҰI told you, I'm the older sister.]

[Whatever.]

Taking only Rymia with us, we left Parune Island behind and once again led the invisible fleet toward the Island of Beginnings.

Of course, I didn't know what the real clear condition for this area was, nor what role Rymia would play.

But so what?

'I'll figure it out by smashing things.'

There was no need to rack my brain anymore.

With the current stats of the raid party, if I just smashed my head into it, the other side's head would break first.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 907 ---

Chapter 907. Second Playthrough (6)

The total number of the Twin Islands Raid Party was 436.

At this point, it wouldn't be wrong to call it an army rather than a raid party...

ГўВҖВҳAnd they're all elites, carefully selected from each tribe.ГўВҖВҷ

This raid mobilized a large number of old explorers who had retired and returned to active duty, as well as rookies who were lucky enough to avoid the Dimensional Collapse event.

In fact, the Beastkin and Fairies have staked the fate of their tribes.

ГўВҖВҳIf it weren't for the fact that you only lose your memories when you die, such a grand raid party would never have been formed.ГўВҖВҷ

Anyway, as a result of various situations aligning perfectly, this extravagant raid party was formed, and thanks to that, it became possible to execute a plan that would have normally been close to a delusion.

Just like this.

UwaaaaaaahГўВҖВҰ!!

As soon as the spell that the Mages of the Mage Tower had poured their hearts into for several hours was completed, the members began to scream.

It was understandable.

Because we are now riding a tidal wave tens of meters high, as if we were surfing.

"It's actually workingГўВҖВҰ"

"Yes? Didn't you come up with this plan, Captain?"

I gave an awkward laugh at Armin's words.

Well, it's true this idea came from my headГўВҖВҰ

...

To be honest, it was an idea I threw out as a joke.

I just happened to remember the Sea God of Calamity causing a tidal wave in the first playthrough and asked if we could do that.

I wasn't being serious.

But for some reason, the Mages of the Mage Tower all shouted "Eureka"...

[Oh, that's quite a decent method.]

[We need to quickly get to the center of the island to secure Tetrasea's safety, and this method solves all the problems we were worried about.]

[We don't even need to move and install 'Little Flare' anymore.

We can just ride the ships with it attached!]

And the result is what's happening right now.

Uwoooooooh...ГўВҖВҰ! Hahahat! A wave!! A great wave guides us!!

A fleet of dozens of ships, riding the tidal wave, advances toward Rymia Island, occupied by the Imperial Army.

The island, which had looked so small from the starting point, was now clearly much closer.

Now, I could even see with my naked eye the soldiers running along the coast as the tide began to recede and the water drained away.

It seems they're running because the tidal wave is coming...

ГўВҖВҳAt this point, it's already too late.ГўВҖВҷ

The tidal wave that soon struck the island didn't stop at the entrance but continued inland with unstoppable force.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңEveryone, hold on tight and prepare for impact!"

I said that as the destination, the research facility, was coming into view, but it turned out to be a needless worry.

The tidal wave, which had been gradually decreasing in speed and height, gently dissipated the moment it reached the research facility located on high ground.

Honestly, I couldn't believe it even as I was watching.

They said they had calculated the exact values using survey data from Rymia Island, but to think it would be applied so perfectly in a real situationГўВҖВ”.

Kwwwaaaaang-!

The sound of an explosion from somewhere brought me to my senses.

This isn't the time to be dazed.

In a way, we've skipped all the steps and arrived directly at the Boss Room.

ГўВҖВңCaptain! You must go!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, I'll leave this to you."

Leaving Armin, who would take command, behind me, I jumped straight off the ship I was on.

SplashГўВҖВ”!

The water was only shoulder-deep while using [Giant Form], and even that was receding quickly due to the high ground.

By the time I come back out, this entire area will probably have turned into a battlefield.

Not that it's peaceful now, either.

[Enemy attackГўВҖВҰ!]

[All forces, to interception formation!]

Despite being hit by the ridiculous plan of a surprise attack on a tidal wave, the Imperial Army soldiers were surprisingly quick to establish a command structure and rebuild their formation.

'Unlike other monsters, they're intelligent, which makes them tricky.'

However, since no high-risk individuals like Berzak or the Chief Researcher had been sighted yet, I put aside my worries for my companions and focused on my mission.

Bjorn Yandel doesn't talk.

He just smashes things when necessary.

Kwajijijik! Kwwaaaaaaang!!

Perhaps there were no high-rank individuals, as the lobby was cleared up before I could even swing my hammer a few times.

You have defeated an Imperial Soldier.

EXP +1

You have defeated an Imperial Officer.

EXP +2

You have defeated an Imperial Sold...

Oh, so the soldiers give experience points, not just the researchers.

It doesn't feel like much, though.

Still, getting some uncollected experience is better than nothingГўВҖВ”.

Peong-!

Ah, that stings.

Irritated by the sudden pain, I turned around to see a researcher with his palm outstretched towards me.

'What is this?'

As I stared, wondering what this was, the center of his palm opened and shot out something like an energy blast.

Imperial Researcher has cast [Particle Emission].

Oh, so this is how the researchers fight.

This time I could see the angle, so I just blocked it with my shield, then ran forward and smashed his head.

But what's this?

You have defeated an Imperial Researcher.

EXP +3

A light orb appears where the researcher's corpse disappeared.

Wow, they drop Essences too.

Considering the corpses disappear and I get experience, it's only natural that they'd drop Essences.

'If I consume that, will I be able to shoot that energy blast from before?'

As an Essence from a new monster, I could probably sell it for a pretty penny if I put it in a vial, but this isn't the time, so I'll pass.

Kuung, kuung!

I quickly deactivated [Giant Form] and headed down the stairs leading to the basement.

I didn't realize it when I came with my Alternate Character, but the stairs are quite narrow.

You have defeated an Imperial Researcher.

You have defeated an Imperial Resear...

Anyway, as I was going down the stairs and beating up the evacuating researchers, I ran into a familiar face.

[Huk! Chief Researcher Alberto?!]

[Who are you? I don't recognize you.]

It was truly a devastating moment.

I remember him, but he doesn't remember me.

But this too must be the fate of regression.

[Die.]

You have defeated an Imperial Chief Researcher.

EXP +4

Skinny guy number two, who had been a great help to me during my escape in the first playthrough, had once again become excellent fodder for me.

'Okay, I got skinny guy number two.......'

I wonder if the original skinny guy is still there?

I think he gave a lot of experience.

For some reason, I was looking forward to reuniting with skinny guy, but I didn't go out of my way to find his room.

For now, securing Tesik is the priorityГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

Having sprinted down the stairs and finally reached the Laboratory, I froze like a stone.

"Keycard."

I realized it too late, but I need a keycard to open the Laboratory door.

I had killed every researcher I met on the way here, so there were no corpses left.

'What should I do?'

I felt like my intelligence dropped as soon as I logged into my main character, but it's a minor problem.

It makes sense, right?

Why should I trouble my head when I have this great body?

Kwwang! Kwwang! Kwwaaaaaaang!!

After striking the firmly shut Laboratory door a few times with my hammer, the door, which had been denting slightly, shattered.

And...

[Tesik, your big brother is here.]

And so, I was reunited with Tesik for the second time.

***

As expected, Tesik didn't remember me.

[Wh-who are youГўВҖВҰ?]

He just trembled as he looked at me, and I persuaded him faster than anyone else could have.

[Go to sleep for a bit.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat?]

Whack!

Although I held back, swinging a hammer at Tesik, with whom I once shared dog food, was not an easy task for me.

But it couldn't be helped.

I'm busy, when would I have the time to explain everything one by one?

It's a waste of time.

And if I just kidnapped him, it would be annoying for me if a kid this big started struggling.

Yes, this is definitely the best way.

'Now I just have to get out of here.'

After securing him, I slung Tesik over my shoulder and was quickly heading back the way I came.

A man blocked my path.

[ГўВҖВҰStop, intruder.

If you move one more step, I will kill you immediately.]

Hearing that voice full of Killing Intent, I couldn't help but be genuinely flustered.

That's becauseГўВҖВҰ

[You'reГўВҖВҰ skinny guyГўВҖВҰ?]

I never expected him to come find me on his own.

Could this be 'Fate,' where what's meant to happen will happen, even if the world is reset thousands of times?

I felt as if I had glimpsed the truth of the world.

[Ah, I see.....]

Skinny guy was destined to be killed by me.

So, as a mere mortal, I have no choice but to follow that mission.

[Rest in peace, or don't.]

You have defeated an Imperial Senior Researcher.

EXP +6

Just as I collected the uncollected experience I had been lamenting and reached the First Floor.

SeogeokГўВҖВ”!

By the time I came to my senses, my body was already leaning forward.

"Huh?"

Only then did I realize my ankle had been severed.

Tuk.

Well, I managed to regain my balance with my regenerated foot before I fell.

Anyway.

Severed body part has been regenerated.

Consumes 5% of HP.

Thump!

My heart, sensing danger, beat loudly.

Because I couldn't even see the attack.

I don't know who it was, but they're on a different level from the skinny guy series.

I can get stabbed a few times and be fine, but if Tesik dies from a stray blade, things will get very complicatedГўВҖВ”.

[I came to check just in case, and as expected, there was a rat.]

Hearing the slightly familiar voice, I looked up and to the side to see a bald old man with a sturdy build.

[ГўВҖВҰBerzak.]

I expected to run into the Chief Researcher, but I never thought I'd run into this old man so soon.

[Oh, you know me? No, more importantly, I can communicate with you? The ones outside were all speaking incomprehensible words.]

His words were gentle, but his eyes were cold.

[By the way, coming all this way to save that monsterГўВҖВҰ this must mean this is all the work of the Pilgrims.]

The old man standing before me was not the one who had laughed heartily upon hearing our resolve.

It was only natural.

Because the one standing before that old man now is not the promising Imperial soldier, Elfire.

[Don't think you'll die easily.

Such a death is not permitted for the trash that betrayed humanity.]

Sseup, this has become a bit of a headache.

***

Berzak, a Lieutenant General of the 1st Special Task Force.

According to the exclusive labyrinth historian of our Anabada Clan, the estimated Combat Power of a 'Lieutenant General' is equivalent to a Rank 2 monster.

In short, it's going to be tough.

A one-on-one fight would already turn into a long battle, but the biggest problem is the presence of Tesik on my shoulder.

Simply fighting with him on my shoulder is a huge constraint in battle, but that's fine.

'It would have been better to run into the Chief Researcher.ГўВҖВқ

The Chief Researcher is, after all, a researcher.

So there's a high chance he wouldn't harm Tesik, a valuable Test Subject.

However...

ГўВҖВҳThis old man wouldn't care about that.'

As a soldier, not a researcher, he would mercilessly cut down even Tesik if necessary.

Huu, what should I do?

As my worries dragged on, so too did my tongue.

----

[Indeed, Lieutenant General BerzakГўВҖВҰ you are just as the records described.

A truly admirable conviction.

Yes, a comfortable death cannot be permitted for the moronic, hybrid trash who were deceived by the vile tongue of the filthy witch and betrayed humanity.]

ГўВҖВҰ..?]

[Having my identity revealed here wasn't part of the plan, but since it has come to this, let's introduce ourselves.

I am Elfire, of the Imperial Intelligence Agency.]

I'll just stall for some time until I can think of a suitable plan.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 908 ---

Chapter 908: Happy Ending (1)

Imperial Intelligence.

To be honest, I don't know much about this group.

It was just during my first playthrough as Elfire.

When soldiers were gossiping about their superiors, someone might say something like, 'Imperial Intelligence will come for you if you keep that up.' That was the kind of group it was.

I wasn't even sure if it was a real organization.

Well, until now.

[Imperial Intelligence? The Special Task Force hasn't been notified of anything.]

Seeing him narrow his eyes with such suspicion proved that the group did, in fact, exist.

The next part would be a little easier.

[It's only natural that you, Berzak, the Lieutenant General, haven't been notified.

The security clearance for field agents starts at the rank of Colonel.]

Basically, it's natural for someone of your rank not to know.

[Then present your Imperial Badge.]

[Do you think I'd carry something like that on a field mission?]

As I continued to speak so brazenly, Berzak's expression hardened.

Not because he was angry, but because he couldn't tell if I was telling the truth.

A sharp gaze fell upon me in the silence.

Berzak just stared for a long time, as if trying to see right through me.

Either way was fine with me.

Time was passing as he did.

After a short pause, BerzakГўВҖВҷs mouth opened.

[You're lying.]

He was testing me.

If he really thought I was lying, he wouldn't be having this conversation; he would have stabbed me already.

[What is the basis for that judgment?]

[Do you know how many ordinary soldiers died when the Pilgrims invaded this place? And what about what's happening outside right now? There's no way the Special Task Force would have approved an operation like this.]

Ah, so that was his reason?

Having finished my possession of Elfire of Imperial Intelligence, I couldn't hide my smirk.

[My, my... You're quite the sentimental one.]

[?]

[If I truly didn't have permission, do you think this agent would be standing here right now?]

[...]

[Bear this in mind, Berzak, the Lieutenant General. From Private Soldier to Colonel, every soldier exists for this great Empire and His Majesty the Emperor.]

At my cold and heartless words, Berzak glared at me, gritting his teeth.

But he couldn't refute it.

Because it's Imperial Intelligence, right?

It would be stranger if I didn't have this kind of mindset.

[... Even so, it's still hard to accept. Why would Imperial Intelligence send an agent to side with the Pilgrims and abduct some monster?]

However, Berzak, seemingly unwilling to believe it, voiced his doubts as he searched for a plausible reason.

[It was a problem that could have been solved with a simple request.

How is this for the good of the Empire, for the great cause?]

I couldn't help but sigh.

[Haaa.........]

To think that a general who will be responsible for the future of this Empire is such a fool.

I put a hand to one ear and spoke.

[A conflict with Berzak, the Lieutenant General, at this point will seriously compromise the mission.

I will temporarily grant security clearance at my field discretion.]

[... What are you doing?]

Completely ignoring BerzakГўВҖВҷs question, I got straight to the point.

[This agent's mission is to rescue the entity called Alpha, gain the trust of the Earth Mother Cult, and then infiltrate its heart.]

[The heart... of the... cult?]

[The Witch of the Earth, Elise Groundia, has shown great interest in that entity.

And if the mission is successful and this agent can make contact with her...]

I paused for a moment before continuing.

[Perhaps this long war could finally come to an end.]

[!]

[Do the lives of a few soldiers still seem so important to you? Berzak, the Lieutenant General.]

Berzak couldn't answer my question, and I didn't miss that timing to step forward.

Thump, thump.

The distance closed with each step.

In the realm of superhumans, the meaning of each and every step was more significant than anything, but Berzak didn't dare stop me.

Thump, thump.

Just like that, I was only a single step away.

[Would you step aside now?]

Even though I could have easily passed by turning my body sideways, I purposely stopped to ask, and Berzak quietly moved aside.

And...

[If there is anything I can do to help.]

[Are you in your right mind? Just get out of here.

If someone sees you letting me pass, this whole thing could become meaningless.]

With that conversation over, I finally stepped outside the research building.

With Tesik slung over my shoulder, I walked out proudly.

Thump.

...

It actually worked.

***

When I got out of the research building, the water outside had already receded quite a bit.

Even though I wasn't in [Giant Form], the water only came up to my thighs.

The dozens of ships that had settled in the central area now stood precariously on the exposed ground.

And.........

[For the Empire...!]

[You filthy Pilgrims.........!]

Swarms of Imperial Army soldiers were wading through the sea of water, rushing toward the ships, while the members of the raid party on the ships were raining down magic and Supernatural Abilities, fighting back against them.

Boom! Boom!

It was a scene reminiscent of a siege.

I quickly activated [Giant Form] and dashed toward the center of the battlefield.

Thud! Thud!

I was breaking through from the enemy lines, but was it because of Tesik hanging on my shoulder?

Or was it because [Giant Form] itself was so conspicuous?

Well, it was probably both.

[... It's a Pilgrim!]

[Kill him!]

The Imperial Army soldiers immediately identified me as an enemy and attacked, while the raid party on the ships intercepted those soldiers and supported me.

'Okay, the Senior Researcher is still nowhere to be seen.'

There were a few researchers flying in the sky, but their core, the Senior Researcher, had not yet appeared on the battlefield.

Thud!

There were many of them, but no elite Third-Rank or higher individuals like Berzak, so it wasn't difficult to cross the battlefield and reach the Anabada Clan's ship.

"Oh! Bjorn! Is this guy Tesik!"

[Teddy.........!]

As soon as I got on the ship and put Tesik down on the deck, Rymia ran towards him.

[Don't worry, he's just sleeping for a bit...]

[Rymia!!]

Huh? When did he wake up?

Ah, did he recover from getting soaked in seawater on the way here?

Tesik, who had been limp as if unconscious even when I slammed him onto the deck, suddenly shot up and hugged Rymia.

[How did you get here.........?]

[These people came to save you!]

[... Th-those people?]

Tesik looked confused after hearing Rymia's one-line summary, but thankfully, he didn't show any hostility.

He just clung to Rymia, his body trembling as if he was scared of the whole situation.

I didn't bother to comfort him.

[If you have any questions, ask your sister.]

[I told you I'm the older sister.........]

[Anyway.]

What I needed to do right now wasn't to convince Tesik of anything.

My job wouldn't change whether he was convinced or not.

"You carry these two, Ainar. They must not die, so take good care of them."

"I understand......!!"

Tesik's rescue was a success, so it was time to move on to the next chapter.

"The signal to regroup has been given! Viscount!"

A signal soon came from the Mage Tower, which was acting as the command center, and we immediately unsummoned the ship we were on.

And.........

"Run!!"

We immediately broke into a sprint.

Our destination was the 'magi-tech warship' located in the center of the formation.

It wasn't just us; all the ships positioned around the magi-tech warship were simultaneously unsummoning and heading there.

Well, we've rescued Tesik now.

There was no longer a need to spread out the front line to distract the enemy.........

"So that monster is the one they call 'Tesik'... You've done well, Viscount."

Since there were no Third-Rank or higher individuals on the battlefield, there were no problems joining up with the magi-tech warship.

"How long will it take for everyone to gather?"

"It is estimated to be within three minutes."

"Understood. Then I'll leave Tesik and Rymia to you."

"Don't worry. Even if that Senior Researcher appears, we will protect them at all costs."

After entrusting the safety of the Tesik siblings to the Mage Tower, who could be considered the owners of the magi-tech warship, we each went to our positions.

It made sense, right?

We rescued Tesik.

And all our forces, which had been spread out, had gathered at the magi-tech warship.

So now, there was only one thing left to do.

"Bjorn! Is it okay to go down now?!"

I nodded my head as if to praise Ainar, who had been patiently waiting without a word until now.

"Yes."

It was time to wipe them all out.

***

A total of 436 people were mobilized for the Twin Islands raid.

With so many people, there were many different opinions during the planning stage, with people arguing over what was better, but in the end, everyone came to an agreement.

They say simple is best, right?

With so many different groups gathered, a complex plan would only increase the possibility of variables, and there wasn't enough time to train.

Most importantly.........

'With our stats, do we really need to?'

A complex plan was only an option you're forced to choose when your stats aren't good enough.

From our perspective, it wasn't very attractive.

And so, time passed.........

The result is right now.

Boom! Boom!

In the center, the magi-tech warship, firing its mana cannons, stood firm.

"BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!"

Below it, warriors like me came down to fight the Imperial Army soldiers who were swarming toward the ships.

Occasionally, some of them broke through the wall of warriors and approached the ships, but it wasn't a big problem.

Swoosh!

Because there were more ranged attackers than warriors on the magi-tech warship.

The closer they got to the ship's outer wall, the more they were subjected to focused fire, and the faster and more miserably they died.

'It's like a defense game.'

As I was carrying out the plan, it suddenly reminded me of an entrance-blocking game I used to play.

That game had a similar feel.

You'd cram all the gunmen into a hill bunker, and a Tank would block the path up the hill, beating back the swarming enemies.

That was the main point of the game.

Ah, of course, the key to that game was the Healer.

Just like this.

"Aaaaaaaaah!"

The holy voices of the Priests from the Three Gods Orchestra echoed, and new flesh grew on the wounded warriors' bodies.

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the song continues, the character's Natural Regeneration stat will be greatly increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢWhile the music continues, the character will receive a recovery (highest) effect.ГЈВҖВҚ

The effect was incomparable to when Maria was alone before.

The Three Gods Orchestra was originally a group where numbers were everything.

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the song increases significantly in proportion to the number of people singing the same song.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect of the performance increases significantly in proportion to the number of people playing the same music.ГЈВҖВҚ

The healing effect was amplified several times over due to the [Chorus] and [Ensemble].

Of course, it was meaningless to me, who had Hyper Regeneration activated.

But not all warriors were like me.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Imperial soldier.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Imperial Officer.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Imperial knight.........ГЈВҖВҚ

[...]

......

How much time passed while I was endlessly fighting the swarming Imperial Army soldiers?

"Huh? Bjorn! They suddenly stopped coming!"

At some point, the Imperial Army soldiers stopped coming.

It wasn't because I killed them all; for some reason, they were all keeping their distance.

The ranged bombardment had also stopped at some point, and it was now a quiet lull, almost silent compared to a moment ago when the bombardment was ongoing.

"Ah! Don't tell me they've already given up!"

Ainar exclaimed in disappointment, but unfortunately, I couldn't agree with her.

If anything, it felt more like the calm before the storm.

There was no way the raid would end just like this.

After all, none of the so-called bosses had appeared yet.

'In the midst of that, they're creating distance...?'

If anything, it was a bad sign.

Something was definitely about to happen.

'Where?'

I quickly scanned up, down, left, and right, and thanks to that, I was able to see it.

Far in the distance, as if in slow motion.

Swoooosh!

A flash of blue light shot down from the sky.

Kwaaaaaaaah-!

And directly hit the 'magi-tech warship' that the Mage Tower was so proud of.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Imperial Senior Researcher has cast [Phase Collapse].ГЈВҖВҚ

Yeah, I was wondering when you'd show up.

I guess you're here now.

Heh.

I wonder what color his Essence will be?

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 909 ---

Chapter 909 Happy Ending (2)

The entity presumed to be Rank 1, the Senior Researcher.

The blue flash the bastard shot down while appearing from the sky was something I had seen before.

Although I do not know the exact skill name yet.

I clearly remember the power of that beam.

Its power was enough to make Leviathan struggle in pain and scream.

Kwaaaaaaaang-!

Then, what about the magi-tech warship, which can be called the main force of our raid party, that was directly hit by it?

Would it be okay after being hit by that?

The answer was already spread out before my eyes.

'Wow, look at that Mana Shield.'

Even though the blue beam burned the magi-tech warship for about 3 seconds, the magic barrier covering the magi-tech warship was fine.

In a way, it is natural.

How many magic stones did the Mage Tower bring in this time?

They even brought 10 top-class magi-tech cores, which are made by condensing magic stones to the limit.

Well, they brought them to serve as bullets for the 'Little Flare', but they can also be used for defensive purposes depending on the situation...

'No matter if it is Rank 1, there is no way it would explode with a single skill.'

Ah, of course, I was inwardly anxious.

The Mage Tower spoke confidently, but whether I could fully trust that was another matter.

However, now that it has been properly proven...

'Okay, then I can stop worrying about the main force.'

The important thing is to do my job well.

After all, that is what a raid is, right?

If we trust each other and everyone does their part in their respective positions, the raid succeeds.

Therefore...

Flash!

As soon as I saw something falling like lightning from the sky where the beam had been fired.

"BEHEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!"

I linked [Giant Form] and [Wild Surge] to inflate the threat level.

And...

[Character's threat level is over 500.]

[All monsters within the radius will prioritize attacking the character.]

In this state, if I block the sky with my shield like opening an umbrella and prepare for impact, all preparations are done.

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

When I came to my senses, I felt a weak physical force beyond the shield.

The timing was a few seconds faster than I expected.

[Defense successful.]

[Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.]

Wow, I felt it when I saw him before, but this guy is incredibly fast.

Thud!

Soon, as I swung the shield upward as if pushing him away, the Senior Researcher who had his fist against it bounced up into the sky.

I did not expect much, but as expected, he did not fall to the ground.

Whooooosh!

Even though it is not spewing flames, the wings on his back are generating enough propulsion to hover in place.

Is there something like a fan spinning inside?

However, just as I am curious about him, he seems curious about me too.

[What are you? What on earth are you that makes you feel so dangerous?]

Ah, the threat level feels unfamiliar because it is your first time experiencing it, right?

Seeing that reaction, it was a huge relief that I had deactivated [Giant Form] when I met Berzak.

If not for that, a battle would have inevitably broken out.

'Huh?'

When I came to my senses, a steel fist was already in front of my eyes.

'No, when did he get here...'

The thought could not continue any further.

Pop!

My head exploded, and my vision turned black.

Well, although it regenerated immediately.

It hurts, damn it!

[Regenerated missing body parts.]

[Consumes 5% of HP.]

Using my newly formed head to scan the surroundings, I saw that the Senior Researcher was already back in his original spot.

'Just how high is his Agility?'

To avoid the shield and explode my head, he must have moved at least twice, changing direction in the middle instead of moving in a straight line.

To think it is a speed that eyes cannot even follow.

If he is a Rank 1 Agility character, it does not make no sense, but...

'The matchup isn't exactly good.'

Of course, that does not mean I miss the (OLD) Shield Barbarian.

Even if he specializes in Agility, if he is a Rank 1 entity, corresponding attack power is bound to follow.

Since there would be absolutely no way to cope the moment the healing ends, I would feel like I was slowly drying up and dying throughout the battle.

On the other hand, how about the (NEW) Shield Barbarian?

Even if the matchup is bad, I can easily endure it with my bare body!

Except that it hurts quite a bit!

[With that level of instantaneous regeneration, did you receive a Troll's Engraving? Pilgrim.]

What is he saying?

I gritted my teeth, enduring the lingering pain in my body, and responded calmly.

[Do you think this would be possible with just a Troll?]

[I will find out once I capture you and experiment on you.]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

[Long ears, a beast resembling a human, and even magic I have never seen before...

Truly, many interesting test subjects have come to visit.]

Hearing the top dog of a research institute that performs biological experiments daily say such things gave me goosebumps for some reason, but that was just a temporary emotion.

Because this guy is still misunderstanding something.

'It is about time.'

We are the ones who came to hunt after finishing all preparations.

[Firing preparations complete.]

The moment I glanced at the magi-tech warship at the sound of the communication ringing in my head.

FlashГўВҖВ”!

A light flashes from the ship.

'Little Flare.'

[!!]

When I turned my head to check the direction where the Senior Researcher was, the light had already disappeared.

An instant so brief I wondered if it was a dud.

However, a hole the size of a human head that pierced through the Senior Researcher's suit proves it.

That one shot hit perfectly.

'That is what you get for babbling about test subjects and whatnot.'

Hovering still to talk to me was his biggest mistake.

If he had kept flying around, they would not have been able to aim.

'Still, as expected, it is not a one-shot kill.'

A vital spot that would be fatal to any human.

Even though his entire upper abdomen was blown away, the Senior Researcher did not die, and his flight function was working fine.

Feeling a great threat from the 'Little Flare' that exceeded the realm of perception, the guy could not stay still for a single moment and moved like a puppy with its tail on fire.

However, watching that appearance, I could tell.

'The damage must have been quite significant.'

The flight speed dropped significantly.

A moment ago, he was so fast that eyes could not follow, but now it is at a level where I can somewhat chase him.

'It will be difficult to hit him again.'

In this state, it is hard to hit him with 'Little Flare'.

Well, that does not mean there is no strategy.

ГўВҖВңAinar!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh! I was waiting!ГўВҖВқ

Soon, Ainar steps forward like a javelin thrower and throws her spear with all her might.

The direction did not matter anyway.

[Ainar Fenelin has cast [Focused Shot].]

[Ainar Fenelin has cast [Recurrence].]

The spear, possessing an unavoidable attribute, split into three branches and chased the Senior Researcher, correcting its trajectory in real-time like a homing missile.

And finally, it hits.

Clang!

Although it bounced off without piercing the suit's defense, this is no reason to be disappointed.

[The power of [Recurrence] slightly increases until the battle ends.]

Because our Ainar's spear gets stronger and stronger.

Once full stacks are accumulated, it will surely be able to inflict significant damage.

Of course, the Empire side did not just sit there and take a beating.

[Multiple unidentified flying entities confirmed in the rear.]

[Presumed to be general researchers.]

Perhaps the cornered Senior Researcher made a call, as the researchers who assisted during the battle with Leviathan also appeared in large numbers.

Shit...

Also.

[The Imperial Army is approaching again.]

[Multiple entities presumed to be knights confirmed.]

The Imperial Army also resumed their all-out offensive.

An all-out offensive involving not just ordinary soldiers, but all the knights as well.

[Entity presumed to be Lieutenant General Berzak discovered.]

[Be careful, he is moving towards you, Viscount.]

Hmm, coming towards me...

Scanning the surroundings, I see a particularly conspicuous existence among the Imperial Army approaching like a swarm of ants.

[You bastaaaaaaard!!!]

Seeing him shout at me, it seems the lie I told earlier has been exposed...

Still, just in case.

Kwaaang-!

I parried Berzak's sword strike to the side with my shield and vented my anger.

[What is the meaning of this, Lieutenant General Berzak!]

[You bastard, are you still trying to mock me! The Chief of the Special Task Force, a Second-Star, said he had never heard of a secret mission from Imperial Intelligence, and that no secret agent named Elfire exists on the roster!]

Ah, he must have contacted his superior immediately after I left.

Then it will be impossible to deceive him again.

[That is a pity.]

[You bastaaaaard...!!]

As if assimilated with the user's emotions, the bright red Aura emitted by Lieutenant General Berzak grew even larger.

However, I did not need to be scared this time either.

Because now I do not have Tesik to protect.

[Alright, let's fight.]

For reference, this guy's Essence is also on our raid party's expected loot list.

***

The composition of the raid was roughly solidified.

The main force aboard the magi-tech warship was marking the Imperial Army exclusively.

The Fairies, mostly ranged attackers, were having it easy on the ship, while the Warrior positions, 90% of whom were Beastkin, were literally fighting a bloody battle below the ship.

Because the healing amount has become much less than before.

ГўВҖВңAaaaaaaaaah!ГўВҖВқ

The melody of the Three Gods Orchestra's hymn changed from before.

If the previous song and performance felt close to warm and comforting.

"Ah!"

This one feels much more reverent, like praising and worshipping something.

Hmm, actually, I might just feel that way because I know the identity of that skill.

[Hymn After the End] and [March Toward Salvation] cast by dividing the Three Gods Orchestra in half.

[Divine Descent ritual complete.]

It refers to when these two songs and performances are performed simultaneously, known as the Divine Descent ritual.

[A nameless angel answers the prayer.]

Soon, the sky split open as if tearing apart, and a yellow radiance shone down on the battlefield.

And...

Whooooosh!

An angel with eight wings descended to the ground and drove the Senior Researcher into a corner.

Thanks to 15 people sharing Divine Power, the duration must have increased, but the value of the angel itself is fixed.

'Combat power is around upper Rank 2.'

A level insufficient to take down the Senior Researcher, presumed to be Rank 1, alone.

However, the actual development was completely different.

[Kugh...!]

Every time the angel's arrow of light hit, the Senior Researcher was helplessly flung away, and his suit was smashed.

'Was Divine Power really his weakness?'

Anyway, for now, the summoned angel is exclusively marking the Senior Researcher.

Hmm, maybe not entirely exclusive?

[Ainar Fenelin has cast [Recurrence].]

[Ainar Fenelin has cast [Recurrence].]

Ainar, who returned to the ship when the Senior Researcher appeared, is diligently throwing spears and concentrating on keeping the Senior Researcher in check,

Pop! Pop!

And even the magi-tech warship, which is relentlessly bombarding with dozens of mana cannons, is preparing to fire 'Little Flare' whenever an opportunity arises.

Ah, and one question I had in my mind as the raid progressed was also solved.

I wondered where so many soldiers were popping out from when even the island was covered by a tsunami.

[The scout team has discovered a gate similar to a portal.]

[Enemy forces are being endlessly replenished through the gate, so it needs to be destroyed immediately.]

Listening to the radio, it seems there is something like a spring replenishing troops somewhere on this island.

But this is not something I need to worry about either.

The main force will take care of it.

I heard they are forming a commando unit too.

Until the Divine Descent ritual ends, the Senior Researcher will not be able to do much either.

Therefore, I just need to focus on the enemy in front of me.

Lieutenant General Berzak.

According to our exclusive Labyrinth Historian, who even guessed that the Senior Researcher's weakness was Divine Power.

An entity presumed to be Rank 2.

But after fighting him for several minutes, I now know clearly.

[Regenerated missing body parts.]

[Consumes 5% of HP.]

[Regenerated missing body parts.]

[Consumes 5% of HP.]

[Regenerated missing body parts.]

[Consumes 5% of HP.......]

This bastard...

ГўВҖВңAaaaaaaargh......!!!ГўВҖВқ

No matter how I look at it, he is not at the level of Rank 2.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 910 ---

Chapter 910: Happy Ending (3)

I don't know if there will be more phases, but from what I've seen so far, Berzak's pattern isn't very complicated.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Glass Blade].ГЈВҖВҚ

First, that crimson Aura.

That Aura is a bit different from a normal one.

Options like ignoring defense seem similar to a normal Aura, butГўВҖВҰ

Swish!

When it cuts my body, or when the attack is blocked by my Shield, an additional effect sometimes bursts forth.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢ[Glass Blade] has been activated.ГЈВҖВҚ

Clang~!

With the sound of something shattering, the Aura explodes, scattering in all directions like a grenade.

Seeing that it doesn't happen every time, it seems to activate with a certain probability upon a successful hitГўВҖВҰ

"AaarghГўВҖВҰ!!!"

Ha, why did it have to explode when the blade was stuck in my stomach?

It hurts like hell, really.

[Hmph, are you going to regenerate again without getting tired of it?]

[Should I just die then?]

[The Witch's power is not infinite, so your monstrous Regeneration Ability will eventually hit rock bottom.

I shall watch and see how much longer that confidence of yours lasts.]

What is he talking about?

When have I ever been confident?

If I really were, I wouldn't have needed to pretend to be an informant.

To live every moment desperately.

That is my motto.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

'First, let's check his skill set.'

Instead of rushing into a fight, I continue to gather information while taking all the hits.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Imperial Flag].ГЈВҖВҚ

To be honest, I still don't know what that flag, planted in the ground at the start of the battle, does.

From experience, flag-type skills are often buffs.

Uncertain information is more of a hindrance, so I'll skip it.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Rune Engraving].ГЈВҖВҚ

This is a skill I can be sure of.

Every time that effect, a light bursting from his body, appears, he gets stronger.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Rune of Acceleration will be applied until the end of the battle.ГЈВҖВҚ

Sometimes he gets faster.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Rune of Strength will be applied until the end of the battle.ГЈВҖВҚ

Sometimes his strength increases.

It seems to be a buff skill that can be stacked every time its cooldown is upГўВҖВҰ

And that's not all.

Tick!

Whenever that futuristic-looking watch on his wrist makes a sound, something truly unreasonable happens.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Time Lease].ГЈВҖВҚ

With a very high probability,

ГЈВҖВҢThe cooldown of the next skill used will be reset.ГЈВҖВҚ

this crazy bastard resets his cooldown.

And seeing that this is the third time he's used itГўВҖВҰ

'A skill that resets cooldowns, and its own cooldown is this short?'

Of course, there is a similar example in 'No. 1911 PavelГўВҖВҷs Broken Pocket Watch' that the Dwarf lady used.

But even that was originally just a 70% reduction, which was enhanced to a complete cooldown removal thanks to the Dwarf racial buffs.

Besides, it's like an ultimate skill, so after using it once, she can't use it for days.

And is that all?

Considering she continuously repairs what is originally a consumable item with a restoration-type EssenceГўВҖВҰ

'One Essence covers racial buffs, a Numbers Item, and an Essence combo all at once?'

Does that even make sense?

This is not a skill value that a mere Second-Rank being should have.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Rune Engraving].ГЈВҖВҚ

Damn it, what is it this time?

As I watched him closely after the consecutive effects, I discovered that his buffs didn't just enhance his physical abilities.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Rune of Plunder will be applied until the end of the battle.ГЈВҖВҚ

Wait, what was that?

The moment his sword hit me, a huge chunk of my MP was drainedГўВҖВҰ

'Damn it, now he even absorbs mana?'

My mind snapped to attention.

Because from now on, time was no longer on my side.

I had been safely gathering information with the mindset that a battle of attrition would naturally be to my advantage.

'... Looking at it, that buff only seems to stack, with no sign of ending.'

If this continues, the possibility of being at a greater disadvantage in a long-term battle is high.

Therefore.

"BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!"

I break away from my passive stance and engage in battle aggressively.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Swing].ГЈВҖВҚ

I swing my Hammer,

Fwhoosh!

and swing again.

If it just hits, the damage would be something he couldn't ignore thanks to [Absolute Pain], butГўВҖВҰ

[You're so slow, it's making me yawn.]

Hitting Berzak, a top-tier humanoid being, was a distant prospect.

Hah, this is why I prefer fighting giant monsters.

They usually just take all the hits.

Well, there are things I can do precisely because he isn't a large monster.

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has cast [Eye of the Storm].ГЈВҖВҚ

I used the grab skill after a long time.

Well, it's a bit ambiguous to call it a grab since [Transcendence] was sealed by [Omen of Corruption].

Whoooosh!

A Whirlwind churned around my body, starting to pull in everything nearby.

The radius was a mere 5 meters.

ThudГўВҖВ”!

Of course, it wasn't as effective as usual.

Berzak, being at least a Second-Rank creature, was able to overcome all restraints and create distance with a single stomp, even while being slowly pulled in.

[This isГўВҖВҰ that monster's ability.

Just how many engravings did you receive?]

Well, it's not a meaningless consumption of MP.

Isn't he a fast one already?

If I can slow down his movements even a little in close combat with this, it should be a gain.

Fwhoooosh~!

As if it was actually effective, I was just about to land a hit on him with the Hammer for the first timeГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Evasive Maneuver].ГЈВҖВҚ

What was that just now?

Wasn't that a definite hit?

It feels like my Hammer missed because of some unbelievable movement.

'A new skill?'

Facing an unidentified creature is giving me a headache.

Mentally, and physically.

ГЈВҖВҢThe severed body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ5% of HP has been consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

Ugh, it really hurts like hell.

'Should I do it now?'

It's a thought I've had several times already.

The unspeakable pain continued throughout the battle, and my patience had long since hit rock bottom.

I kept waiting just in case, butГўВҖВҰ

He just used what I assume is a dodging skill, so there couldn't be a better time than now.

'Yes, it should be full by now.

I've regenerated my head so many times.'

The time has come to show him the taste of the (NEW) Shield Barbarian.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ

***

[Aegis Dragon Armor].

A Secret Numbers Item obtained outside the fortress walls, a tank's dream item that inflicts reflected damage proportional to the damage received.

The effectiveness of this item varies depending on how much you've been beaten.

ГЈВҖВҢReflecting accumulated damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

If you use it after getting hit a moderate amount, Aegis appears just once, swings its Greatsword, and that's it.

ГЈВҖВҢThe item's effect is cast once more.ГЈВҖВҚ

When you feel like you've been hit quite a bit, it doesn't end with one strike, and a barrage is addedГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢAccumulated damage has exceeded a certain amount.ГЈВҖВҚ

And only when you feel like you've been through too much and things are tough does the third stage finally activate.

Well, when I first activated this effect, I didn't know exactly what it was, butГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's next strike is enhanced by the sum total of all resistance stats.ГЈВҖВҚ

A one-time basic attack enhancement.

This was a result I found out later through tearful experiments in the city, and the coefficient is presumed to be the 'resistance stat'.

The damage difference was quite severe between when I had [Stake] on and when I didn't.

Anyway, putting that aside.

'It was below expectations.'

It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't cost-effective.

To gather stacks up to the third stage, I had to get beaten to a pulp.

Ah, of course, that was before I consumed the tear essence.

Now, if I decide to take hits, I can build stacks up to the second stage in 5 minutes, and reach the third stage soon after.

Well, there is a fatal problem in that the total amount of pain is similar, but.

It's an undeniable fact that the stacks build up much faster than before.

So I became curious.

'Could it be that there's no fourth stage?'

The biological experiment that began with that question led to a surprising result.

There was.

A fourth stage effect that I had not known about until now.

[Uwoooooooooh-!!!]

Aegis, summoned behind me, let out a rough Roar.

The effect of stacking up to the third stage.

This is one of the biggest drawbacks of the Dragon Armor.

There's no Gauge, and I can't tell how many stacks I've accumulated.

So I just have to use it based on my gut feelingГўВҖВҰ

Thud!

Hearing Aegis's Roar, Berzak hastily created distance.

It seems his senses came back to him after being hit by the first two strikes, but in my opinion, it's a regret that's too late.

Because he chose to block the first hit with his sword.

His arm was shattered because of it, and as a result, he couldn't properly dodge the second hit, and one of his legs was also wrecked.

Therefore, if the Greatsword comes down once more here, there is no way to block or dodge it.

'Please, please, pleaseГўВҖВҰ!'

So, were the stacks sufficient?

The answer could be seen through the movements of Aegis behind me.

Swoosh.

Instead of letting out a roar and scattering like smoke, it once again assumed a ready stance.

ГЈВҖВҢAccumulated damage has reached its maximum.ГЈВҖВҚ

This is the effect of the Dragon Armor's fourth stage.

ГЈВҖВҢThe item's effect is cast once more.ГЈВҖВҚ

Following the second strike, it delivers a third.

Of course, it's not an ordinary strike like before.

It's a gamer's common sense that the third attack comes with an additional effect, right?

ГЈВҖВҢThe effect that inflicted the most damage on the user will be applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

Fwhooooooosh~!

A crimson Aura formed on Aegis's mighty Greatsword.

Yes, I knew it would be this.

'Aura.'

90% penetration of defense and Magic Resistance.

And that bastard's Aura even has a critical hit option that explodes with a certain probability upon impact!

Smirk.

Yes, he should experience it himself once.

Aegis's Greatsword, filled with the pent-up anger of a tank, swung towards Berzak.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Tick!

At that moment, the watch he was wearing made a sound.

'Huh.'

That small sound brought an inexplicable surge of anxiety.

As always, ominous premonitions were never wrong.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Time Lease].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe cooldowns of all skills except [Time Lease] are reset.ГЈВҖВҚ

As soon as the ticking of the clock hands, which sounded like an auditory hallucination, disappeared from my ears.

ГЈВҖВҢBerzak has cast [Evasive Maneuver].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe next attack will be unconditionally dodged.ГЈВҖВҚ

His body slid sideways.

It was truly absurd to watch.

He didn't stomp his feet, or even push off the ground for momentum.

A body that received no physical action ignored the laws of the world and moved sideways.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Craaaaaaaash-!

The Greatsword crashed into the empty ground where Berzak had been.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

No, he dodges it like that?

How much pain did I endure just to use that?

It was then, as a deep emptiness far beyond injustice filled my chest.

Clang~!

The sound of a plate shattering was heard as the red Aura broke into thousands of sharp particles and scattered.

The additional effect of the red Aura that Berzak used.

However, perhaps because the size of the Aura that bloomed from Aegis's Greatsword was so ridiculously large?

The scale was different from when he used it.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰWow.ГўВҖВқ

If that was a grenade.

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

This is a missile.

***

Surprisingly, there was no change.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

My heart is still pounding, probably because it doesn't feel real.

Thump!

Berzak, who was next to where the missile exploded, had collapsed.

Well, seeing as he hasn't disappeared into light, it seems he's still alive, butГўВҖВҰ

His condition is so wretched that I'm not too worried.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

His whole body is riddled with large holes.

So many that a person with severe trypophobia would tremble at the sight.

'He won't be moving in that state.'

He is certainly incapacitated.

So, if I just poke him a few times with my Hammer, which is now imbued with the third stage enhancement effect of the Dragon Armor, the Mid-boss raid will be over.

Thud!

I ran towards Berzak as quickly as possible.

Thump~!

Lieutenant General Berzak.

In the end, it was a bit ambiguous to call him a Rank 1 creature.

After all, his tanking ability is this poor.

It's hard to label him as a real monster like a Rank 1.

'Maybe a top-tier Second-Rank glass cannon type.'

Of course, that doesn't mean I'm not thrilled.

How many explorers are there who can take down a Second-Rank monster on their own?

This was my first time too.

'The matchup was good, thoughГўВҖВҰ'

Thinking back, the matchup was quite favorable.

Wasn't he a guy who had an infinite buff all to himself and could detonate the undisputed strongest cheat skill, Aura, like a grenade?

'An existing Shield Barbarian wouldn't have been able to take this many hits without a Priest.'

Also, if Berzak wasn't a glass cannon concept, Aegis's third strike wouldn't have been this powerful, and if his body had been a bit tougher, he wouldn't have been taken down in one hit like this.

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

So I wish it would stop now.

No, why does my heart keep pounding like this?

The situation was right, and I caught him because he was catchable, it's not like I got a free ride.

And he's a Mid-boss, not even the main one, right?

It's not strange at all for it to end this 'easily'ГўВҖВ”.

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

At that moment, my chest ached.

But it wasn't an unpleasant sensation.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated an Imperial Senior Researcher.

EXP +9ГЈВҖВҚ

The sensation of a large increase in experience points.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's level has increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

The unique fullness that blossoms when what explorers commonly call the 'spiritual level' rises.

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power has increased by +10.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe maximum number of absorbable Essences has increased by +1.ГЈВҖВҚ

Having experienced it several times, it wasn't difficult to understand the situation.

I thought it might be about time.

'Level 9.'

I finally reached Level 9.

The reason is very simple.

[Defeat complete!]

[The senior researcher creature has been defeated!]

While I was fighting Berzak without a care in the world, the main force succeeded in taking down the main boss.

But why is it?

[Waaaaaah!!]

[The Essence! It's the EssenceГўВҖВҰ!!]

Thump!

Despite the transmission filled with joy, my heart beats low.

[Although we used two Arrows of Paralysis, the raid is now a successГўВҖВҰ.]

[Quickly put it in the Vial andГўВҖВҰ.]

[ГўВҖВҰ.]

[ГўВҖВ”.]

The sound of my wildly beating heart drowned out the raid party's excited cheers.

Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump.

A heart beating so violently it felt like it was pounding on my eardrums.

My survival instincts knew immediately.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Imperial Senior Researcher has died.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Passive Skill [Apocalypse System] has been activated.ГЈВҖВҚ

...

This bastard wasn't the Final Boss?

No, then who in the world is.

[What happened to the creature Berzak?]

Just as I was about to reply to the sudden transmission that I had almost caught him.

ShwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ.

A mist began to rise all over the island.

Not the color of a normal mist.

A black mist, the kind you would see at a factory where toxic substances are burning fiercely.

Damn it, it was also a familiar mist.

Because I've experienced it once before.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Abyssal Fog has been applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll active effects are disabled.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMana efficiency is reduced to one-fourth.ГЈВҖВҚ

The mist hadn't thickened yet, so my visibility wasn't extremely narrow, and thanks to that, I could see clearly.

ГЈВҖВҢMonsters exposed to the Abyssal Fog will evolve into a superior existence.ГЈВҖВҚ

The muscles of the Imperial soldiers swelled up like balloons, and they mutated into a completely different species.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Swoosh..

Ah, Berzak was among them.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 911 ---

Chapter 911: Happy Ending (4)

ГўВҖВҳCorrupted Ice Mausoleum.ГўВҖВҷ

A Rift that can be entered through the Seventh Floor's Ice Rock.

This Rift had a rather unique gimmick, even in Dungeon & Stone.

Here, two Guardians appear, which is unusual.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIf you kill one first, the other one gets incredibly strong.ГўВҖВҷ

The reason ГўВҖВҳCorrupted Ice MausoleumГўВҖВҷ suddenly came to mind is very clear.

Somehow, this feels like that exact case.

Because I killed the senior researcher first, Berzak, who was just an ordinary(?) soldier, has evolved.

ГўВҖВҳShould I have killed Berzak first, and then the senior researcher?ГўВҖВҷ

My gamer instincts tell me that's highly likely, but I can't be certain.

After all, I haven't tried it, right?

If I had killed Berzak first, the senior researcher might have awakened instead.

Like in the ГўВҖВҳCorrupted Ice Mausoleum,ГўВҖВҷ the strategy might be to choose the easier one, let it evolve, and then raid it.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

'Get a grip.'

This situation is not my fault.

Predicting a situation like this isn't prediction, it's the realm of foresight, and...

It's not like I was taking my time either.

As soon as Berzak was incapacitated, I immediately closed the distance with all my might to finish him off.

It's just that the timing was bad.

By the time I reached a position where a basic attack could land, Berzak's body was already swelling and mutatingГўВҖВҰ

Crack!!!

Despite hammering him with the hope that it wasn't too late, the mutation doesn't stop.

It's because my damage was insufficient.

Because of the mist, Giant Form ended, and I couldn't use Swing either.

But...

'Still, what can I do.'

I have to try.

Nothing will happen if I just stand still.

Crack! Crack!! Crack!!

As I doggedly continued to hammer away, I also began to sort out the tangled mess of thoughts in my head, like a ball of yarn.

Since this was the first try, questions were scattered everywhere.

[GrooooooaaaaanГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!!]

The Imperial soldiers who have already finished mutating now look like 'monsters' to anyone.

So, what rank would they be?

On the First Floor, that mist turned Ninth-Rank Goblins into Fifth-Rank ones.

The knights must be Rank 5 or higher.

'Then what in the world happens to them?'

I don't know.

I have no information.

Maybe Rank 5 is the maximum.

Or they could evolve into much stronger monsters.

Well, no matter what, they won't evolve into a Rank 1 monster.

That wouldn't be designed to be beaten.

ГўВҖВҳOkay, so far, so good.ГўВҖВҷ

With our raid party's specs, we can cover for a decent amount of unfair difficulty.

First, destroy the portal the Imperial reinforcements were coming through, then use the magi-tech warship for a defensive battle, and if we hold on, there will be an end eventually.

ГўВҖВҳIs this guy the biggest variable...

Berzak.ГўВҖВҷ

How will this one evolve, I wonder.

Will he evolve into the form of the Floor Lord that appears on the First Floor?

Or just feel like another type of hidden boss?

ГўВҖВҳFor now, he doesn't seem to be turning into an eyeball monster...

Crack!ГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, on second thought, it might not matter much what form he evolves into.

To begin with, in terms of pure combat power, Berzak was weaker than Riakis, the Third Floor Lord.

In fact, you could say his true self was the field effectГўВҖВ”.

[ГўВҖВҰAh! Can you hear me!]

Just then, a transmission suddenly came through.

It had been quiet since the mist spread, so I thought communications were down.

[Viscount Yandel! Please answer! Viscount Yandel!]

[I hear you.

What happened?]

[The magic waves were unstable for a moment, perhaps due to the mist, but we've just finished restoring them!]

Hmm, that's not what I just asked...

But pointing that out would just waste conversation time, so I'll pass.

[What's the status of the main force?]

[Not good! Due to the mist, all the ship's defensive functions have been greatly weakened.]

Just then, the mage I was speaking with was cut off, and a new person immediately interjected.

[This is Gyuln.

The situation is critical, so let's quickly say what needs to be said.]

[I agree.]

[What has become of the individual, Berzak?]

There was no need for a long answer.

Saying I almost had him but it was a shame, or that the mist appeared at the worst possible moment.

All of that is pointless now.

[His mutation is in progress.

I'm currently trying to kill him before it's complete.]

[Is it possible?]

This was another question I could answer easily.

Because I had already made up my mind.

[It's impossible.]

[I see.]

Gyuln didn't ask for a reason.

He simply accepted my on-the-spot judgment as it was and moved on to the next issue.

[Can you continue to hold him down?]

A question asked to establish a future strategy.

I didn't let my pride get in the way here.

[... Alone, it's impossible.]

If I were the OLD Shield Barbarian, maybe.

The 'Abyssal Fog' is one of the few counters to the NEW Shield Barbarian.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

Stake is unusable.

Since I can't use Giant Form, I don't get the 1.5x increase in natural regeneration from Primordial Cell.

Well, not using Stake means my resistance stats don't decrease as much, so I do become a bit tougher, but...

That is also nullified by the passive Absolute Pain, so it's meaningless.

ГўВҖВҳA squishy body with no regeneration...?

I can't afford to be stubborn.

How am I supposed to mark a raid boss in this state?

'Sigh...

I didn't expect to get countered this early.ГўВҖВҷ

I have a bitter taste in my mouth.

Normally, builds with extreme concepts show insane performance in specific situations, but in the opposite case, they are helpless.

However, the NEW Shield Barbarian rarely depended on the situation, and it was considered overpowered because there was almost nothing that could counter it in all of Dungeon & Stone...

[Do you have a proper plan going forward?]

[I'm thinking.]

[In that case, how about we retreat for now? Even if we resume the attack later, it would be better to regroup first.

Perhaps this mist will naturally disappear over time as well.]

[I will head to the main force for now.]

[We will be ready.]

[Understood...]

As soon as the decision was made, I left the mutating Berzak behind and ran toward the main force.

The battlefield was filled with a mist that limited visibility to two meters, but thanks to the main force continuously blowing a horn, it wasn't difficult to get my bearings.

The problem wasГўВҖВҰ

'Sigh, I came unnecessarily far...?'

Because I was solely focused on marking him, I naturally became separated from the main force.

The path to the main force was already swarming with Imperial soldiers who had finished mutating.

[Grooooooaaaaah-!!!]

The Imperial soldiers had transformed from humans wielding swords and spears into monsters with sharp claws and teeth.

Every single one of their attacks is threatening.

Well, even without being healed, my regeneration is enough to immediately heal stab and slash wounds, butГўВҖВҰ

If I were to suffer an injury like a severed limb, it would be impossible to make it pop back out like before.

The sense of crisis I feel is bound to be different.

ГЈВҖВҢDefense SuccessfulГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Therefore, I desperately block the important parts with my shield and force my way through.

[Kaaaaaaahk!]

The pain that grows as the wounds accumulate.

It was so bad that I was foaming at the mouth, not just drooling, but I continued the transmission even then.

Hmm, to be precise, should I say I was unilaterally briefed by Gyuln?

The situation was not good.

[In taking down the senior researcher, we used the Divine Descent ritual, five shots of Little Flare, and two Arrows of Paralysis.

We hadn't planned on using all the Arrows of Paralysis, butГўВҖВҰ]

[He was truly a monster.

He started going berserk when we thought we almost had him, and not only did he unsummon the angel, he almost broke through the ship's mana barrier, so we had no choice.

It's a good thing he was killed by the second arrow... otherwise, the losses would have been much greater.]

Too many resources were consumed in taking down the senior researcher.

Then again, it was only because of such an aggressive investment that the feat of defeating a Rank 1 monster in such a short time was possible, butГўВҖВҰ

[You shot five Little Flares too?]

[We only actually fired two shots.

The remaining three were used to maintain the mana barrier and protect the ship when he went berserk.]

In other words, there are only five shots left.

And even those have been heavily nerfed.

[Due to the mist, mana efficiency has dropped drastically, so Little Flare will no longer perform as it did before.

To put it in numbers... you can consider it to have about 116th of its power.]

[Wait, 116th?]

No, how does that calculation even work? The mana efficiency reduction due to the mist is definitely set at 14.

[Separate from the decreased efficiency of the magi-tech core, the 'Little Flare' itself, which processes and fires that core, is also a form of magic spellwork, so that is why.]

In simple terms, it means that not only did the cannonball get smaller, but the cannon did too, so the power was reduced exponentially.

[What's 5 divided by 16?]

[0.31.]

[Wrong.]

The answer is a crappy little flare.

What am I supposed to do with this?

I was secretly counting on this.

At last, I made the decision I had been putting off.

[We are retreating.]

A wise warrior must also know when to take a step back.

***

When I broke through the enemy lines and joined the main force, the area around the magi-tech warship was a scene of chaos.

ГўВҖВңHold on...!"

The Imperial soldiers swarming in like mad.

And the warriors fiercely holding the front line, somehow managing to protect the ship.

'In situations like this, the warriors always get ground down first.ГўВҖВҷ

A mist with two meters of visibility.

Because of that, the ranged attackers packed onto the ship can't provide proper support, and even if they could, it wouldn't be much help.

How strong could a ranged attacker's basic attack be?

[Kroooooooaaah~!!!]

The monsterfied Imperial soldiers had become much more threatening than before, yet our side's firepower had actually decreased.

Therefore, all the burden on the battlefield fell upon the warriors.

The warriors' duty was crucial for the retreat.

ГўВҖВңJust a little longer...! If we can hold on just a little longer...!"

It was a relief that the Three Gods Orchestra was casting area-of-effect heals; otherwise, a huge number of casualties would have already occurred.

"BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAAA!!!"

To save even one more of the Beastkin warriors who were taking the brunt of the attack, I quickly took my position and drew aggro.

But perhaps she came because she heard my shout.

ГўВҖВңBjorn...!"

Even in a situation shrouded by mist, Misha found me.

ГўВҖВңWhat about Ainar? Is she up there?"

ГўВҖВңProbably! I think she was badly hurt earlier.ГўВҖВңShe was hurt?""

"Don't worry too much! They said she definitely didn't die! With so many priests, she's probably fine by now!"

Ainar was injured.

That bastard Gyuln didn't tell me.

ГўВҖВңSo what happens now? Are we really retreating like this?"

ГўВҖВңFor now. There are too many disadvantages to fighting here right now."

ГўВҖВңOh, I see. But how? Are we going to ride the waves out like when we came? Then we should probably get on the ship first...ГўВҖВқ

Sheesh, this was also discussed during the last briefing.

This Misha girl is no better than Ainar.

ГўВҖВңDon't worry. You just have to stick close to the ship.ГўВҖВқ

This is an attack that many groups have invested heavily in.

Naturally, we've planned for every imaginable situation from Plan A to Z.

Of course, there's a retreat plan too.

"Huh? We just have to stick close?"

Misha's question was filled not just with simple curiosity, but also with anxiety, and just as I was about to readily answer her questionГўВҖВ”

[Everyone, please stick close to the warship! If you are far away, there is a risk of being left behind!]

A magically amplified voice covered the entire battlefield.

ГўВҖВңLet's run, Misha!"

ГўВҖВңAh, okay...!"

As soon as the main force's order came down, I took Misha and ran for the ship's hull.

AndГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ

Shwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

A giant magic circle spread across the ground with the ship's hull at its center, its light shining clearly even in the mist.

The retreat plan we unanimously agreed on after invading the heart of the enemy lines by riding the waves.

ГўВҖВңAh! Don't tell me, multi-teleportationГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

It seems Misha is starting to get it, but to be precise, it's not Mass Teleportation.

Because that magic has a fatal flaw.

"But with this many people, isn't that magic impossible?"

That's right.

The maximum number of people for Mass Teleportation is twenty.

Furthermore, its range is narrow, so the Mage Tower adopted a magic far superior to Mass Teleportation.

ГЈВҖВҢWibel Ganz has cast the Rank 1 Spatial Magic [Spatial Leap].ГЈВҖВҚ

Warp.

With no limit on the number of people or weight whatsoever.

A top-tier magic that takes everything within its range and heads to a designated coordinate.

Flash!

Soon, a fierce light flickered, as if embracing the entire space.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 912 ---

Chapter 912: Happy Ending (5)

Right before the Warp spell activated.

Before my vision turned white, the last thing I saw was something blurry beyond the fog.

It was the form of a giant Beast.

Thud!

Ah, I don't mean it was as huge as Hiframazant, just slightly larger than an Ogre.

It wasn't the Berzak I knew.

The Lord of the Abyss wasn't such a giant monster, but a shriveled eyeball monster.

But as soon as I saw that form, I knew intuitively.

ГўВҖВҳIs that BerzakГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, it was different from what I saw in the First Floor's Crystal Cave.

Yet, for some reason, the certainty that it was Berzak was engraved in my mind.

The reasoning came afterward.

ГўВҖВҳWell, even for a Hidden Field, itГўВҖВҷs strange for a Lord from another Floor to appear.ГўВҖВҷ

I did defeat the Lord of Tears on the Fifth Floor, butГўВҖВҰ that was a special Dimensional Collapse event.

Normally, a Floor Lord only exists on its respective Floor, and I have never seen this rule broken.

In other words, it would be correct to classify this Berzak as simply an elite or a boss of this Hidden Field.

ГўВҖВҳThen it wonГўВҖВҷt be considered a Floor Lord Essence either.ГўВҖВҷ

That was my last thought before I rode the warp out of the battlefield.

Flash!

When I opened my eyes again, I was in the middle of the sea.

The world was clear, the black fog gone.

The cold seawater enveloped my entire body, washing away the blood that covered me.

And the problem wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

A BarbarianГўВҖВҷs body does not float.

Warped into the middle of the sea, my body began to sink quickly.

But it seemed I wasn't the only one sinking.

Did you think I was the only warrior in heavy armor?

ГўВҖВҳYes, this is the weight of a warriorГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

As I was empathizing with our shared sorrow, the warriors who had begun to sink with me started shedding their heavy armor and swimming up to the surface.

ГўВҖВҳAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Even in my loneliness, I didn't follow them.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like doing so would make me float.

Not with a BarbarianГўВҖВҷs body.

ГўВҖВҳIn the end, itГўВҖВҷs just you guysГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Still, it was some comfort that even if all the warriors left me, I wasn't alone.

The biggest feature of the warp is that it doesnГўВҖВҷt distinguish between friend and foe.

ГўВҖВң!!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВң!!ГўВҖВқ

The Imperial Army (monsters), who had somehow been abducted and were now sinking into the sea, did not lose their aggression and charged at me, who was nearby.

So, I too fought back, swinging my powerful hammer even under the water pressure.

Most of them were guys I had already finished getting experience from while running against the flow of the battlefield to the ship and holding out until the warp was cast, butГўВҖВҰ

Looking at them again, they were truly disgusting creatures.

You have defeated an Incomplete Mutant.

This oneГўВҖВҷs hands just turned into blades, and it swung them around.

You have defeated a Berserker-Type Mutant.

This one was like a Death Fiend, with one side like a shield.

You have defeated a Reinforced Mutant.

This oneГўВҖВҷs specialty was the Aura rising from its bladeГўВҖВҰ

You have defeated a Cannon-Type Mutant.

EXP +6

Oh, this is the first time IГўВҖВҷve killed this one.

Its specialty, IГўВҖВҷd say, was how both its hands and head turned into cannons, constantly firing things off.

ГўВҖВҳSo far, a total of four types have been confirmedГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

As I was completely submerged, standing on the ground (?), and fighting the monsters in the water, one by one, the monster bastards started to lose consciousness and collapse, even without being hit by my hammer.

It seemed they couldn't breathe underwater, even after turning into monsters.

No, their lung capacity might even be shorter than when they were human.

ГўВҖВҳPhew, IГўВҖВҷm starting to get tired tooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

I was confident in my lung capacity, but after rampaging this much in the water, it was a bit overwhelming.

It was with that thought that I looked up.

ГўВҖВҳThis is like something out of a fairy tale.ГўВҖВҷ

A chain, much like an anchor, descended like a rope from above.

To make it more visible, a Light Orb was even floating beside it.

I grabbed it tightly and gave it a few tugs.

They seemed to get the message as the chain shot upward again.

ГўВҖВңHaaah!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBjorrrrr!!ГўВҖВқ

As soon as I was on deck, Ainar, who had been separated from me for a moment, ran towards me.

Not because she was worried about me, though.

ГўВҖВңDid you see it? Me, plunging my spear into that guyГўВҖВҷs heart? ItГўВҖВҷs practically the same as me killing it!! A Rank 1 monster, no less!ГўВҖВқ

It seemed she had contributed significantly in the battle against the senior researcher.

I hadnГўВҖВҷt seen any of it, as I was busy fighting Berzak head-on, but I gave her some half-hearted praise.

ГўВҖВңYes, you did well. Very well.ГўВҖВқ

If she really did make a big contribution, that was my contribution as well.

It would give me an advantage in the upcoming fight for the spoils of war.

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷve worked hard, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh. If you have time, go down below. A few Essences have appeared.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, is that so? I canГўВҖВҷt just leave the Essences of unidentified creatures behind. IГўВҖВҷll gather some men right away. We had to go down once anyway.ГўВҖВқ

As I told him the news from under the sea, Gyuln quickly formed a diving team of warriors and mages.

The warriors to retrieve the equipment they had shed, and the mages to collect the Essences in vials.

ГўВҖВңPut every single Essence into a vial! Considering the ones that will be consumed for research, no matter how many you collect, it won't be enough!ГўВҖВқ

Seeing Gyuln giving orders like a miser, the Beastkin representative and the Fairy representative nodded in agreement.

I guess theyГўВҖВҷre all desperate to recover their investments.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, this makes one thing certain. The monsterfication doesnГўВҖВҷt wear off just because the fog is gone.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, right. If it did, the ones who followed us here would have returned to their original forms long ago.ГўВҖВқ

The evolution caused by the fog seems to be permanent.

I didnГўВҖВҷt know because when we raided the Crystal Cave, we never went outside the fog.

ГўВҖВңBy the way, what do you think? Do you think that fog will disappear over time?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, weГўВҖВҷll have to wait and see.ГўВҖВқ

I turned my head and looked at Rymia Island, which was not far away.

The islandГўВҖВҷs appearance was clearly different from before.

It was like looking at a mountain that pierced through the clouds.

Not that Rymia Island was that high, but from the middle of the island upwards, it was covered in black fog.

ГўВҖВңStill, this isnГўВҖВҷt bad. The entire island isnГўВҖВҷt covered in fog.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIndeed. We can slowly reduce their numbers by advancing from outside the fog, and if possible, we might even be able to lure them out of the fog.ГўВҖВқ

Thinking about it again, the situation is much better than when the ГўВҖВҳAbyssal FogГўВҖВҷ broke out on the First Floor.

Many more strategies were now possible.

ГўВҖВңThis is a personal curiosity, but is there any way to further enhance the Spatial Leap spell?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat do you mean by that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI was just wondering. Spatial Leap canГўВҖВҷt move monsters of Rank 3 or higher, right? If it could be enhanced to do that, it seems like it would be strategically useful.ГўВҖВқ

For example, if that were possible, we could use the warp to abduct Berzak out of the fog.

ГўВҖВңAh, so that was your question. I understand. However, to answer that question, we must first have a more precise understanding of the property known as Magic ResistanceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The question started out of curiosity, but for some reason, GyulnГўВҖВҷs words became faster and longer.

It was a chronic bad habit of mages.

Why canГўВҖВҷt they just answer the question asked, why do they try to stuff unnecessary knowledge into other peopleГўВҖВҷs heads?

ItГўВҖВҷs hard to understand anyway.

ГўВҖВңI canГўВҖВҷt understand a word, so summarize it briefly.ГўВҖВқ

When I cut him off, Gyuln looked somewhat disappointed but still summarized it.

Well, itГўВҖВҷs a bit ambiguous whether to call this a summary.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAny magic we use is treated as an attack spell by monsters. The same goes for Spatial Leap. So, to be precise, itГўВҖВҷs not that monsters of Rank 3 or higher are unaffected, but rather monsters with a certain amount of ГўВҖВҳMagic ResistanceГўВҖВҷ are not affected by ГўВҖВҳSpatial LeapГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThen thatГўВҖВҷs strange. ItГўВҖВҷs a Rank 1 magic, yet it canГўВҖВҷt even bring a mere Rank 3 monster?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs the opposite.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause itГўВҖВҷs a Rank 1 magic, it can ignore the Magic Resistance of monsters of a lower rank and bring them along. Since ГўВҖВҳSpatial LeapГўВҖВҷ isnГўВҖВҷt actually an attack spell.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOh, I see. I understand.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFor your reference, itГўВҖВҷs not that there are no spells that use Spatial Magic ГўВҖВҳoffensivelyГўВҖВҷ. ThereГўВҖВҷs a Rank 2 spell called ГўВҖВҳTransmissionГўВҖВҷ, and if you use that, you can even move monsters of Rank 3 or higherГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The ГўВҖВҳTransmissionГўВҖВҷ spell was one used by the Special Mage I met during the Dimensional Collapse, so at first, I listened with some interest.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAhem, I have something to do, so IГўВҖВҷll be going now.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHuh? Where are you going?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI think I need to see Tetrasea for a moment.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAhГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

GyulnГўВҖВҷs words showed no sign of ending once he started talking, so I used Tesik as an excuse and ran.

Well, it wasnГўВҖВҷt a completely made-up excuse.

There was something I wanted to check quickly.

Besides, the situation was urgent earlier, so we couldnГўВҖВҷt even have a proper conversation.

[Oh, Tesik, have you been well?]

[Ah, helloГўВҖВҰ But my name isnГўВҖВҷt Tesik, itГўВҖВҷs TetraseaГўВҖВҰ]

[I heard everything from your little sister, right?]

[IГўВҖВҷm the older sister, you knowГўВҖВҰ? ]

[R-Rymia! You canГўВҖВҷt do that!]

Worried about his little sister talking back to me, Tesik cautiously tried to stop her.

[ItГўВҖВҷs fine.

I have no intention of harming you two for that.]

[AhГўВҖВҰ]

[As youГўВҖВҷve heard, I came to save you.

And I succeeded.]

At my words, Tesik paused, then moved his lips.

It felt like he wanted to say something but couldnГўВҖВҷt because he was being cautious.

[If you have something to say, say it.

As I said before, I have no intention of harming you.

In fact, IГўВҖВҷm in a position to help as much as possible.]

[ГўВҖВҰWhy did you save us? In my life, IГўВҖВҷve neverГўВҖВҰthat personГўВҖВҰ]

[Not that person, just call me Old Man.]

[IГўВҖВҷve never even met you in my life, Old Man.

Why did you save me?]

Right, so thatГўВҖВҷs what he was curious about.

Rymia probably assumed I knew Tesik, but he knew that wasnГўВҖВҷt the case.

A strangerГўВҖВҷs kindness.

ThereГўВҖВҷs nothing more awkward and bothersome than that.

Especially for Tesik, who had been used as much as he had, his wariness would be even greater.

However, I couldnГўВҖВҷt think of a rational reason to convince Tesik.

ItГўВҖВҷs a rule in various media not to mention ГўВҖВҳRegressionГўВҖВҷ, and I didnГўВҖВҷt know what kind of variable Tesik would become if he learned the truth of the world.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

[I just didnГўВҖВҷt like it.]

I said.

[Act like a kid.

Do you need a reason to save a kid?]

[ГўВҖВҰWhat? But as you can see, IГўВҖВҷm-.]

[YouГўВҖВҷre just a kid.

So just cry and tell me your wish.

Whatever it is, this scary old man will grant it.

Now, what do you want to do?]

Tesik said nothing.

Well, from his perspective, he probably wasnГўВҖВҷt sure how much he could trust my words.

Therefore, I didnГўВҖВҷt try to persuade him.

I learned from TV.

Kids need plenty of time.

[ГўВҖВҰ]

[ГўВҖВҰ]

A period of silence followed.

But perhaps because it was an expertГўВҖВҷs solution?

I just made eye contact and waited patiently, and eventually, Tetrasea brought out the wish he had been holding inside.

[I want to go to an islandГўВҖВҰ I want to live on a peaceful island where no one is around, with my little sister, without any painГўВҖВҰ]

It was a plain voice, but for some reason, the sincerity within it felt all the more poignant.

Was that why?

At this moment, even Rymia, who was next to him, didnГўВҖВҷt interrupt by saying she was the older sister.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Good.]

The moment I was about to reply.

-Static.

The world stopped.

It was the same phenomenon I had experienced once in the first playthrough.

***

My vision turned white.

Before me, someoneГўВҖВҷs memory flickered on and off repeatedly.

Every scene was from a first-person perspective, and it wasnГўВҖВҷt difficult to realize who the owner of that perspective was.

ГўВҖВҳTetrasea.ГўВҖВҷ

It began in a stable attached to a church.

In that place, filled with filth just from looking at it, Tetrasea was holding his crying little sister.

Crack!

Even while being whipped by someone, he patted her fragile back with his tiny hand, as if to soothe her not to cry.

Such scenes continued endlessly, accelerating.

AndГўВҖВҰ

The second stop in his memory was a slave ship.

A cramped space where hundreds were crammed.

There, where people were dying from disease, he fed his little sister water and bread.

Lying that he was fine, that he ate in secret.

He hid his stomach, which had begun to swell from pain, with his tattered clothes, turned his back, and fell asleep.

After countless such moments, the ship ran aground, and he fell into the sea, the world turning black.

When it brightened again, it was an island.

An island where huge monsters with different skin colors had formed a village.

There was no hunger, and the clothes were clean.

For the first time, his little sister smiled brightly.

Reflected in his smiling sisterГўВҖВҷs pupils, the boy was also smiling brightly.

ButГўВҖВҰ

Swish.

When he turned around, a giant sea monster was looking down at him.

The Ruler of Storms.

Stormgush.

The master of this island.

The boy reflected in the monsterГўВҖВҷs eyes could no longer smile.

He just trembled, his eyes filled with fear.

The master of this island spoke in a voice full of dignity.

[As you wished, I will not bestow a blessing upon your sister, but remember this.

Endure.

Whatever they do to you.

If you cannot endure, it will be your sisterГўВҖВҷs turn.]

The boy nodded.

AndГўВҖВҰ

From then on, the boy ceased to exist.

Having become a monster with smooth scales, the boy in the form of a monster was trapped in the EmpireГўВҖВҷs laboratory, suffering.

There was no end to the pain.

The monstrous body he received as a blessing was also a curse that did not permit death.

The boy in the form of a monster just begged.

[Ah, Earth MotherГўВҖВҰ Merciful Earth MotherГўВҖВҰ Please, just my little sisterГўВҖВҰ]

Sadly, that prayer was not answered.

Perhaps the object of his prayer was wrong.

The Witch of the Earth was not even a god to begin with.

[ГўВҖВҰFailure up to the 127th subjectГўВҖВҰ I judged that he was placed in a sufficiently extreme situation, but perhaps we misjudged Alpha.]

[But if we increase the intensity of the experiment further, we may not be able to guarantee his survival.]

[If physical pain is at its limit, canГўВҖВҷt we just push his mind? We need even greater despair.

Erase even a speck of hope.]

As the experiment continued, one day.

The boy in the form of a monster finally faced his little sister.

[Ah, ahhГўВҖВҰ]

His little sister had been burned to death.

A horrific sight, her original form difficult to recognize due to her blackened skin.

[Ahh, ahГўВҖВҰ]

Nevertheless, the memory continued for a long time.

In a despair where even death was not permitted, the experiment went on endlessly.

128, 129, 130, 131ГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҰ
After such a long time had passed.

A very thick needle pierced TesikГўВҖВҷs tough skin.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[Why am I the only one who has to hurt like this?]

At last, the memory reached its final stop.

WEEEEEEEEE!!!

An emergency siren blared in the laboratory.

The door that had confined the boy melted away.

[Containment failed! The mutated Alpha has escaped.

All researchers are toГўВҖВ”.]

The fleeing researchers were erased, becoming a handful of bloody water.

Finally, the boy stepped out into the world on his own two feet.

[Kieeeeeeeeeeeeeek!!!]

And so, Tesik became a Floor Lord.

ГўВҖВҳOkay, I get that.ГўВҖВҷ

After all the scenes had ended, I looked ahead.

A boy with a scrawny body, dressed in rags, was looking at me.

ГўВҖВңSo whatГўВҖВҷs the reason youГўВҖВҷre showing me this?ГўВҖВқ

Even as I asked, I already knew instinctively.

Why he was showing me this.

You found Tetrasea, who was living in agony, instilled hope in him, and succeeded in escaping the island with his younger sister, Rymia.

ГўВҖВҳIГўВҖВҷve passed the threshold, I guess.ГўВҖВҷ

It was the same with Peter.

Simply by rescuing Tesik from that island, the clear condition was met, and I obtained the reward ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷ.

But now, his little sister has also survived, and IГўВҖВҷve even heard his ГўВҖВҳwishГўВҖВҷ to live on a deserted islandГўВҖВҰ

Total score: 78 points.

I could surely expect an additional reward.

ГўВҖВҳNo, itГўВҖВҷs practically confirmed.ГўВҖВҷ

Just the fact that he revealed his face and showed me his past memories was a change from the previous playthrough.

ButГўВҖВҰ

The character has gained access to the ГўВҖВҳTwin SeaГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҰ

I looked at the boy and said.

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷve got to be kidding me.ГўВҖВқ

That could never be a happy ending.

ГўВҖВң?ГўВҖВқ

No, even if I concede a hundred times that this is a happy ending, I am not satisfied.

Because I am a true gamer.

ГўВҖВңPut it back right now. Nothing is over yet.ГўВҖВқ

Once you start something, you have to see the True Ending.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 913 ---

Chapter 913: The Route (1)

It might have seemed a bit harsh, but at my firm refusal, the original Tesik said nothing.

ГўВҖВҳIs it because IГўВҖВҷm not speaking in the Ancient Language?ГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, the ones I met before understood me just fine when I spoke Rafdonian.

A silence followed, long enough for that question to cross my mind.

However, it definitely wasnГўВҖВҷt a language barrier.

The original TesikГўВҖВҷs eyes were clearly filled with a sense of puzzlement.

As if he couldnГўВҖВҷt understand my choice.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Well, from his perspective, it might be hard to understand.

After all, IГўВҖВҷd completed the mission, yet I was refusing the reward.

He was probably wondering what on earth I wanted.

But for me, it was a very easy choice.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you doing? I told you to put it back.ГўВҖВқ

There was still so much left to do.

IsnГўВҖВҷt that right?

I still havenГўВҖВҷt caught the mutated Berzak.

And I need to properly farm Rymia Island.

ItГўВҖВҷs on a scale incomparable to the village on Parune Island, so if I go around smashing everything, IГўВҖВҷm bound to find at least one hidden element.

And is that all?

ГўВҖВҳI havenГўВҖВҷt even gotten a proper look at Leviathan.ГўВҖВҷ

Ah, of course, itГўВҖВҷs a bit ambiguous to call him a hostile force.

Considering the difficulty of Rymia Island, which is occupied by the Imperial Army, Leviathan is more likely to be an ally.

If he causes a ruckus, the players can use that opportunity to rescue Tesik or something.

Considering this is the Sixth Floor, that makes sense.

Of course, thatГўВҖВҷs not whatГўВҖВҷs important.

ГўВҖВңHuh? CanГўВҖВҷt you hear me? Say somethingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Just as I was about to yell at him to speak, his mouth finally opened.

ГўВҖВңI have already seen all that I wished to see.ГўВҖВқ

Oh, thank goodness, heГўВҖВҷs not mute.

I didnГўВҖВҷt expect him to talk like this, though.

ГўВҖВңI have no intention of forcing you out. If you wish, you may remain until the day of closure.ГўВҖВқ

I scoffed at his words.

Seeing him act so grave in the body of a young boy just makes him look arrogantГўВҖВ”

ГўВҖВңI will leave the passage open. You may go back now.ГўВҖВқ

I flinched as if having a seizure.

ГўВҖВңWhat? YouГўВҖВҷre opening a Portal?!ГўВҖВқ

At my reaction, the original TesikГўВҖВҷs brow furrowed slightly.

Again, he seemed to have no idea why I was acting this wayГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt. You hear me? Not unless you want to see a true bad ending. I definitely told you not to, okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat is the reason?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause if a Portal opens, the morale of the expedition members will surely drop.ГўВҖВқ

The Mage Tower and the Beastkin have both suffered heavy losses.

Most importantly, the Fairies, who used two Arrows of Paralysis, will want to leave through the Portal immediately.

Then my plan to see the True Ending will fall apart.

Besides, itГўВҖВҷs not even certain if we can get the True Ending reward after the Portal opens.

ГўВҖВңThat is not what I asked.ГўВҖВқ

Tesik said, cutting off my thoughts.

ГўВҖВңWhy?ГўВҖВқ

A strong sense of dГғВ©jГғВ  vu washed over me at his words.

Come to think of it, he was like this the last time we met.

ГўВҖВҳYou must be in so much pain, how can you smile?ГўВҖВҷ

I answered him seriously, but the memory of him asking a question he already had an answer for still stings.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhy are you not satisfied?ГўВҖВқ

I replied with a grin.

ГўВҖВңLook at your face right now.ГўВҖВқ

IГўВҖВҷll say it again, IГўВҖВҷm a true gamer.

The original Tesik definitely said something about having seen everything he wanted to see in his first line.

Thanks to that, I became certain.

ГўВҖВңDoes that look like the face of someone whoГўВҖВҷs satisfied?ГўВҖВқ

The True Ending exists.

***

My conversation with the original Tesik ended there.

He stared at me for a long time, as if he still couldnГўВҖВҷt understand, then sent me back to where I was before.

Tesik was looking up at me with anxious eyes.

[Why did you suddenly stop talkingГўВҖВҰ? D-did I do something wrongГўВҖВҰ?]

Before answering, I reviewed our previous conversation.

To deduce the ending conditions, I had asked Tesik for his wish.

AndГўВҖВҰ

[I want to go to an islandГўВҖВҰ On a peaceful island where thereГўВҖВҷs no one else, I want to live with my little brother without any painГўВҖВҰ]

[GooГўВҖВ”]

Just before I could reply ГўВҖВҳGoodГўВҖВҷ to his answer, I was abducted by the original.

ГўВҖВҳOkay, review complete.ГўВҖВҷ

I quickly continued the interrupted reply.

[Cut the crap.

DonГўВҖВҷt lie.

You want to go live on a deserted island? Is that really what you want?]

[I-IГўВҖВҷm sorryГўВҖВҰ]

[IГўВҖВҷm not looking for an apology.

IГўВҖВҷm asking if you can truly be satisfied with that.]

[ГўВҖВҰYes.

That would be enough for meГўВҖВ”]

[Hah, donГўВҖВҷt lie.]

I cut Tesik off with a scoff, as if his words were absurd.

[The bastards who tormented you are living just fine with their eyes wide open, and you say thatГўВҖВҷs enough? ThereГўВҖВҷs no way.]

It might seem like IГўВҖВҷm forcing him to give a predetermined answer, but it doesnГўВҖВҷt matter.

Tesik was the one who started this fishing-for-answers game, right?

[Th-thatГўВҖВҷsГўВҖВҰ]

[Be honest.

If youГўВҖВҷre a child, act like one.]

[I canГўВҖВҷt help it.

ItГўВҖВҷs not like I have the power to change anythingГўВҖВҰ and I donГўВҖВҷt want to cause any more trouble for everyone just because of meГўВҖВ”]

[BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!]

Like a martial arts master who canГўВҖВҷt stand injustice and yells, ГўВҖВңHalt!!ГўВҖВқ I roared the name of my Ancestral Spirit.

That kind of pathetic, defeatist attitude is nothing short of blasphemy against my Ancestral Spirit.

SoГўВҖВҰ

[IГўВҖВҷll give you one last chance.

ItГўВҖВҷs your choice whether to take it or not.

After this, no matter what happens, you canГўВҖВҷt blame anyone.

Except yourself.]

IГўВҖВҷm cutting off his escape route.

Even a cornered rat will let out a war cry.

Sometimes, you need a wall at your back to find courage.

[Right now, you can decide your own fate.]

A chance to choose, perhaps the first ever given in TesikГўВҖВҷs life of being pushed around, swayed, and tormented by the world.

[DonГўВҖВҷt you want revenge?]

I asked one last time, and it took a long while for an answer to come from TesikГўВҖВҷs lips.

[ГўВҖВҰYes, I do.]

His tiny voice was still laced with anxiety and fear, but the essence of it remained unchanged.

Tesik had clearly revealed his will to the world.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

[That wish has been granted.]

This is what youГўВҖВҷd call a branching point.

[ГўВҖВҰHuh? G-granted? What does that meanГўВҖВҰ?]

Ah, Tesik is still young, so he doesnГўВҖВҷt know.

Once a future is fixed, it doesnГўВҖВҷt change.

[IГўВҖВҷll smash everything to bits, just as you wish.]

From now on, weГўВҖВҷre heading for the True Ending.

***

Even after hearing TesikГўВҖВҷs true feelings, I asked him various other questions.

It felt something like an interview.

One with a hint of blood.

[Who is the person you want to kill the most?]

[W-why are you suddenly using formal speechГўВҖВҰ?]

[How would you like me to kill them?]

[UhГўВҖВҰ J-just normally?]

[You want them to suffer as much as you did before I drive a stake through their heartГўВҖВҰ Not bad.]

[ГўВҖВҰHuh?]

After finishing the interview, I left the room and immediately called a meeting.

Ah, it wasnГўВҖВҷt that I specifically called for itГўВҖВҰ

When I came out on deck, the diving team had just returned from their mission at the perfect time, so a meeting naturally began.

ГўВҖВңAlright, itГўВҖВҷs time for the first settlement that everyoneГўВҖВҷs been waiting for. However, the distribution itself will happen after we return to the city, so please keep that in mind.ГўВҖВқ

It started less like a meeting and more like a briefing.

Gyuln, the Mage Tower LordГўВҖВҷs faithful right-hand man and proxy, summarized our total earnings so far and explained it to everyone.

First, the Magic Stones arenГўВҖВҷt very significant, so weГўВҖВҷll skip those.

477 unidentified Essences in Vials.

A total of 11 unidentified relics and materials were obtained from the Imperial Army soldiers we captured, who had even gone so far as to use Distortion Magic on themselves.

Since all of it is loot from the newly patched area, their value is immense when you consider the premium.

Ah, of course, even if you combine all of that, it canГўВҖВҷt compare to this one thing.

ГўВҖВңAnd finally, this. The Rank 1 Essence that the Senior Imperial Researcher spat out.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHahГўВҖВҰ A Rank 1 EssenceГўВҖВҰ ItГўВҖВҷs almost scary to look at it up close.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut are you sure itГўВҖВҷs Rank 1? We know how terrifying it is since we fought it ourselvesГўВҖВҰ but since the Senior Researcher is an unconfirmed species, it might be difficult to appraise its value.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou need not worry about that. We brought an entire set of experimental equipment for this very reason. The analysis is already complete. This Essence is definitely Rank 1.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOohГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

A Rank 1 Essence.

At the mere mention of it, a sound that makes any explorerГўВҖВҷs heart pound, everyone present let out a gasp.

ГўВҖВңThen, what about its ability? What ability does the Essence have?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңUnfortunately, the equipment we brought can only measure its Rank. We cannot determine the ability the Essence possesses.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo we wonГўВҖВҷt know until we return to the cityГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңActually, itГўВҖВҷs not certain even if we go back. We can only make a small inference about its enhancement stats based on the wave patterns of previously researched Essences.ГўВҖВқ

Simply put, the only way to know what skill it has is to eat it yourself.

ГўВҖВңStill, thatГўВҖВҷs a relief. It will be much easier to find an owner if we at least know what kind of enhancement stats it provides.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, thatГўВҖВҷs right. If itГўВҖВҷs a physical enhancement type, the chances of it having a strange Supernatural Ability are low.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut the problem is how much we should value this Essence.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWell, thereГўВҖВҷs almost no precedent for a Rank 1 Essence being sold for cash.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷve seen a record that the Royal Family purchased a Rank 1 Essence for 12 billion Stone about 70 years ago.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou must be talking about the Essence of Kaelnah, but that can hardly be considered a normal transaction. The owner of the Essence presented it to the Royal Family for political reasons, and the Royal Family simply rewarded him accordingly.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes. Considering he later received a promotion in title and various benefits for his business, itГўВҖВҷs no exaggeration to say it was actually worth several times that amount.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs right. IsnГўВҖВҷt the story of Abyss Seeker Limenin turning down an offer of 20 billion for a Rank 1 Essence famous? Considering the prices at the time, it should be worth at least 50 billion Stone.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHaha, but wasnГўВҖВҷt he a great man who prioritized exploration over money? ItГўВҖВҷs a bit much to use that as a benchmarkГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

There were various opinions, but in the end, there was a benchmark everyone could agree on.

A minimum of 25 billion Stone.

It was the minimum market price all the explorers agreed upon, and this alone could be seen as a reward for all our efforts so far.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰAs expected, a Rank 1 raid isnГўВҖВҷt very cost-effective.ГўВҖВҷ

Two Arrows of Paralysis, several top-class magi-tech cores.

The consumed scrolls and enchantments, and so on.

Taking all that into account, weГўВҖВҷve barely broken even.

And thatГўВҖВҷs only because we were lucky enough to get a Rank 1 Essence.

What if we hadnГўВҖВҷt even gotten this?

We would have all gone bankrupt.

ButГўВҖВҰ

This is the Twin Islands.

Whatever we use here will be reimbursed when we leave through the Portal later, and even those who died will be resurrected, losing only their memories and equipment.

ГўВҖВҳThanks to that, any profit we make here can be calculated as pure profit.ГўВҖВҷ

And is that the only reward? If we succeed in the conquest, we even gain the right to enter the Twin Sea!

ГўВҖВҳBut if the Portal had opened in the middle of all thisГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

What would have happened then? I can somehow clearly picture the scene.

Someone would have surely suggested being satisfied with this and going back, and it would have gotten a pretty positive response.

Well, I suppose I could have somehow persuaded them to continue toward the True Ending anyway, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳIf something went wrong, they would have tried to blame it all on me.ГўВҖВҷ

Afterward, everyone excitedly talked about the battle with the Senior Researcher.

What skills he used.

Seeing the beam he fired at the beginning, they said it must be an Essence suitable for a Supernatural Ability user.

Then someone would counter that, asking if they didnГўВҖВҷt see him shatter the mana barrier with his fists, claiming it must be a melee-type Essence.

I really dodged a bullet.

Watching them quietly, I secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰ but the Portal hasnГўВҖВҷt opened yet.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңViscount, didnГўВҖВҷt you say the Portal opened when you brought that monster out?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm, perhaps time is the key. Maybe we have to protect that monster until a specific date.ГўВҖВқ

The explorers, who had been grinning from ear to ear after receiving the settlement sheet, were now starting to come to their senses and talk about the ГўВҖВҳconquestГўВҖВҷ itself.

ThatГўВҖВҷs only natural.

No matter how much we earn here, itГўВҖВҷs only meaningful if we can go back.

ГўВҖВңFirst, it seems important to hear the ViscountГўВҖВҷs opinion.ГўВҖВқ

The conversation stops after someoneГўВҖВҷs remark.

Before I knew it, everyone was looking at me.

Even though the Mage Tower laid out the detailed plans, I was the one who provided the most information and established the broad framework.

ГўВҖВңAhemГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Since all eyes were on me, I cleared my throat once and then spoke confidently.

ГўВҖВңActually, I just met with Tetrasea about that. We were mistaken. The key to the conquest wasnГўВҖВҷt his ГўВҖВҳescape,ГўВҖВҷ but his ГўВҖВҳwish.ГўВҖВҷГўВҖВқ

No one knows that I was the one who told him not to open the Portal anyway.

And there arenГўВҖВҷt many who can properly speak the Ancient Language.

SoГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңHuh? But last time, wasnГўВҖВҷt just escaping enough?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWishes can always change. I was alone then, but seeing us beat down the Imperial Army might have changed his wish.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo what did that monster say?ГўВҖВқ

Ah, that.

I began cautiously, as if the mere thought of it gave me goosebumps.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEveryoneГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHe said he wants to kill them all.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰ!!!ГўВҖВқ

This is all for the True Ending, Tesik.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 914 ---

Chapter 914: The Route (2)

After sharing TesikГўВҖВҷs wish to kill everyone and stand atop the heavens, we began to formulate a proper plan.

Well, it was such a radical statement that some even speculated Tesik might be a villain himself.

But it didn't affect our goal setting.

After all, we are explorers who risk our lives for money and mystery.

Tesik is a villain?

So what?

An extra villain to take down simply meant the potential for more spoils.

Of course, it was a rather arrogant way of thinking, but it was a natural progression.

Everyone had already tasted a Rank 1 Essence.

ГўВҖВҳTo be precise, itГўВҖВҷs not so much the taste of the Essence, but the confidence gained from taking down a Rank 1 being so easily.ГўВҖВҷ

In any case.

It was better to be confident than to cower in fear, so I didn't pour cold water on the mood.

If they had been so blinded by greed that they couldn't tell shit from shinola, it would be a different story, but it was clear that none of them were at that point.

ГўВҖВңWe must devise a plan to minimize casualties.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe need to prepare thoroughly. In the end, we must survive to the very end to enter the Twin Sea, as the Viscount mentioned.ГўВҖВқ

On the contrary, being sensitive to gains made everyone carefully put their heads together to create the best plan, and after a series of such meetings, the foundation of the plan was laid.

The plan was broadly divided into three stagesГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs unanimous.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThe first objective is confirmed to be the annihilation of the Imperial Army on Rymia Island.ГўВҖВқ

The first stage was to sweep through Rymia Island.

In simple terms, the ГўВҖВҳBerzak RaidГўВҖВҷ.

The list of expected spoils upon success was as follows.

ГўВҖВңHehe, I wonder what kind of relics are hidden inside the Imperial facilitiesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAs itГўВҖВҷs a new area, there must be an arrangement or two.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe also don't know what will happen with the unidentified Essences. Even if their Rank isn't high, there's the 'rarity' factor. They'll all sell for a high price.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңMore than anything, I'm most curious about what spoils the individual ГўВҖВҳBerzakГўВҖВҷ will drop. I hope itГўВҖВҷs an EssenceГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Of course, to obtain the spoils, the raid had to be successful, and to maximize the profits, casualties had to be minimized.

Therefore, a considerable amount of time was spent on developing a detailed strategy after setting that objective.

All sorts of bizarre strategies came up.

Most of them were just delusions, but among them, there were quite a few that seemed highly feasible.

ГўВҖВңFirst, it would be best to move to the island.ГўВҖВқ

Heading back to Rymia Island, we set up camp at the boundary of the central area where the [Fog of the Abyss] was spread, gathering data through various experiments and perfecting our plan.

And time flew by quickly.

Day 27 in the Labyrinth.

The time to execute the plan had come.

***

The Berzak Raid.

The first of the three objectives we set to clear the ГўВҖВҳTwin IslandsГўВҖВҷГўВҖВҰ to be precise, to see the ГўВҖВҳTrue EndingГўВҖВҷ.

The first step of our strategy to clear this with minimal casualties was very simple.

ГўВҖВңWe need to form a strike unit and destroy the ГўВҖВҳImperial GateГўВҖВҷ first.ГўВҖВқ

The Imperial Gate.

This was the name we gave to the gate-like portal discovered by the scout team during the first assault when we succeeded in raiding the Chief Researcher.

Our command unanimously agreed that we had to destroy the Imperial Gate first for the second assault on Rymia Island.

It made sense, didn't it?

If we could prevent additional troops from being generated, we would have a much greater advantage in a prolonged battle.

However, there was a problem here as well.

ГўВҖВңThen, how should we form the strike unitГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt will be an incredibly dangerous task. It would be one thing under normal circumstances, but we have to enter that dangerous fogГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

How to select the members of the strike unit.

There were many debates on that part, and amidst those debates, several brilliant ideas emergedГўВҖВҰ

Based on those ideas, we came to the island, gathered data, and filtered out only the meaningful ones, until finally,

ГўВҖВңAre you really sure about thisГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

A strike unit was formed.

For the record, the leader of the strike unit was me.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңNo matter how I think about it, this is insane. For the leader of the group to go alone into the heart of the enemy camp to destroy the Imperial GateГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

That was it.

A strike unit composed of only one person.

ГўВҖВңWhat are you worried about? Everyone agreed, didn't they? That this is the way to minimize casualties.ГўВҖВқ

I shrugged nonchalantly at Gyuln's cautious question, but he still didn't seem to understand.

ГўВҖВңIf we're talking about efficiency, I agree. But the problem is the person's status. You're not just an ordinary person, are you, Viscount?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBecause IГўВҖВҷm not an ordinary person, IГўВҖВҷm saying IГўВҖВҷll do it.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYou know thatГўВҖВҷs not what I mean.ГўВҖВқ

Geez, why is this old man suddenly being so clingy?

I donГўВҖВҷt think he was this kind of character before.

Did he get attached after raiding together?

ГўВҖВңAnyone would think I'm going to my death. As I've said several times, I'm going because it's perfectly doable.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңBut itГўВҖВҷs far too dangerГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf I avoided danger, would I be in this position?ГўВҖВқ

When I spoke once more with a nuance that said to stop bothering me, Gyuln also shut his mouth.

It seemed he had nothing to retort this time.

In the first place, why did we come here?

High risk, high return.

It is the truth of the world that the greater the risk, the more one can gain.

This operation also follows that truth.

'If this goes well, I'll have more to say in the future distribution of spoils.'

To be honest, during the Chief Researcher raid, I didn't play a major role, did I?

Rescuing Tesik and marking Berzak.

IГўВҖВҷm confident I did my part with those two tasks, but it couldnГўВҖВҷt be seen as an overwhelming performance.

Therefore.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm starting.ГўВҖВқ

I slowly fly up.

Not as a metaphor or a figure of speech, but literally, like a Barbarian.

Whoooosh!

The large body of a Barbarian floated in the air, defying the laws of physics.

However, I'm not alone at this stage.

How could a Barbarian fly on his own?

The sky around me, as I ascended, was filled with Mages from the Mage Tower.

ГўВҖВңWhat a drain on manaГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd this is with Lighten castГўВҖВҰ It would have been impossible alone.ГўВҖВқ

Several mages grabbed hold of me, my weight reduced as much as possible, and soared into the sky.

10m, 20m, 30mГўВҖВҰ

Slowly, the faces of my companions on the ground grew distant.

Ainar was waving her hand as if to say have a safe trip.

It seems her gaze was mixed with a bit of envyГўВҖВҰ

'Should I have brought her along?'

Such a thought briefly crossed my mind, but I quickly shook my head.

Why would I have insisted on doing this mission alone?

Given the nature of the operation, being alone was much safer.

I could manage to take care of myself, but I wouldn't have the capacity to ensure someone else's safety.

40m, 50m, 60mГўВҖВҰ

After reaching a certain altitude, we began to glide in earnest, and soon, we arrived above the fog-covered central area.

ShwaaaaaaaahГўВҖВҰ

The center of the island, where black smoke sat like a giant dome.

ГўВҖВңWe have reached the target coordinates.ГўВҖВқ

When the Mage flying with me sent a transmission to the ground, a reply soon came back.

[All preliminary work on the ground is complete, so commence the operation as soon as you are ready.]

ReadyГўВҖВҰ

At that word, I let out a smirk without realizing it.

It was because all preparations were finished just by reaching these coordinates.

So, that meant I should start as soon as I was mentally prepared.

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm good. LetГўВҖВҷs start right away.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰAre you really going to be okay?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҷm fine, just do it.ГўВҖВқ

When I spoke firmly again, the Mages holding me let out long breaths and exchanged glances.

It was truly puzzling.

I was calm, so why were they the ones getting mentally prepared?

ГўВҖВңThenГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHave a safe trip, Viscount.ГўВҖВқ

After a slight pause, the Mages sent a final transmission to the ground that the operation was commencing and released their hold on me.

AndГўВҖВҰ

WhooooooooooshГўВҖВ”!!!

Following the laws of physics, the Barbarian's body plummeted rapidly toward the ground.

The sound of the air rushing past my ears gave me chills, but fortunately, there was no visual dizziness.

The point from which we were gliding was right at the edge of the fog.

My body was immediately swallowed by the black fog, and from then on, all I could see due to the limited visibility was black fog.

CraaaaaashГўВҖВ”!

After a fall of about 30 seconds, I arrived in the heart of the enemy camp.

Because I had fallen with ГўВҖВҳLightenГўВҖВҷ and a bunch of other support spells like ГўВҖВҳShock AbsorptionГўВҖВҷ plastered on me, my injuries were not severe despite falling with a bare body.

If I, an expert on injuries, were to perform a self-diagnosisГўВҖВҰ

'A crack in my leg.'

This much would heal quickly with my natural regeneration.

Thus.

I quickly got back on my feet and checked my surroundings.

For now, there was nothing visible within a 2-meter radius.

The fact that monsters didn't immediately rush me from the start was encouraging, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThe Imperial Gate isn't visible either.ГўВҖВҷ

The point where I had landed was the coordinate where the target of destruction, the ГўВҖВҳImperial Gate,ГўВҖВҷ was presumed to be.

However, the Imperial Gate was not within the visible range.

ГўВҖВҳIt wonГўВҖВҷt be that easy, huh.ГўВҖВҷ

I had anticipated this level of error during the planning stage, so I didn't panic and quickly started moving.

The location itself was correct, near the Imperial Gate confirmed by the scout team during the first assault.

If I searched the surroundings, I should be able to find it soonГўВҖВ”.

[GrrrrrrrrrrrГўВҖВҰ!!]

As soon as I started moving, mutated Imperial soldiers who had turned into monsters emerged from the fog.

It seemed they had gathered because of the loud noise from my landing a moment ago.

But I didn't bother to fight.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Fog of the Abyss is applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAll active effects are disabled.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢMana efficiency is reduced by one-fourth.ГЈВҖВҚ

Active skills are sealed within this fog.

Since I can't get a damage boost with [Swing], it would take time to defeat even a Rank 5 monster.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

Slice!

Boom!

I focused solely on carving a path, taking stabs and cannon shots.

It was just damn painful with absolutely no reward.

ГўВҖВҳThe stacks wonГўВҖВҷt build up anyway.ГўВҖВҷ

This damn fog also restricts the active effects of equipment, so no matter how much I was hit, I couldn't use the Dragon Armor.

Slice!

A finger holding the hammer was cleanly severed and fell off from a blade swung by a mutant.

This was the biggest problem identified when devising this operation.

The absence of [Stake], which is an active skill.

Well, to be precise, it should be called the absence of ГўВҖВҳHyper Regeneration,ГўВҖВҷ which can be obtained through [Stake].

Natural regeneration of 5,000.

This value is only activated when a [Stake] is driven in or when HP reaches 0% and [Disapproval] is triggered.

ButГўВҖВҰ

[Real-time target synchronization confirmed.]

It is the fate of explorers to somehow find a way to chew with their gums if they have no teeth.

[Commencing ranged support now.]

Such a transmission came through, and not long after, a torrent of water broke through the black fog and fellГўВҖВ”.

BoomГўВҖВ”

Hmm, this is more like a water bomb than a torrent of water.

It was actually fired from outside the fog using modified mana cannons.

Oh, and the material used was freshly drawn seawater.

For one reason only.

This fog doesn't affect passives.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢThe energy of the sea permeates the characterГўВҖВҷs body.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢDue to the passive skill [Origin], the natural regeneration value increases significantly.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment I was hit by the water bomb, StormgushГўВҖВҷs passive temporarily activated, causing my natural regeneration to surge.

And this valueГўВҖВҰ

'It was still quite insufficient.'

Sadly, it didn't reach 5,000.

With the raw regeneration of +1,500 from the Essence of Tears, plus a rough combination of everything else, it would be around the high 3,000s.

It was far from enough to activate ГўВҖВҳHyper Regeneration.ГўВҖВҷ

If not for the support of the Three Gods Orchestra from outside the fog.

ГўВҖВҳThe Three Gods Orchestra really is a cheat.ГўВҖВҷ

Even now, outside the fog where I am not, the Three Gods Orchestra is gathered, singing and playing music.

ItГўВҖВҷs not just ordinary singing and playing.

[The Eternal Farewell].

As long as this song continues, the effects of the performance on party members are not dispelled even if they go out of range.

ClangГўВҖВҰ

Also.

[Ode for a Hero].

The target of the song and performance is limited to one person, but the effect is tripled.

And the result.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's natural regeneration value is 5,000 or higher.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢHyper Regeneration bonus.ГЈВҖВҚ

It became possible to enter a 'Hyper Regeneration' state without [Stake].

Well, since the resource consumption for [The Eternal Farewell] and [Ode for a Hero] is so massive, I had to complete the mission and escape as quickly as possible.

ГўВҖВңBEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!ГўВҖВқ

At least, as long as ГўВҖВҳHyper RegenerationГўВҖВҷ was with me, there was nothing to fear.

ГўВҖВңUrkГўВҖВҰ!!ГўВҖВқ

Even if it hurt a lot.

ГЈВҖВҢThe severed body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ5% of HP is consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even if my head gets cut off, it only costs 5% HP, right?

And even that lost HP comes back after just a few breaths.

ГўВҖВңFound it.ГўВҖВқ

As I was weaving through the monsters while being periodically hit by water bombs, I soon found my target.

ГўВҖВҳI can see why the scout team that first found this called it a ГўВҖВҳgateГўВҖВҷ.ГўВҖВҷ

The Imperial Gate was shaped like a giant doorframe with an unknown energy that reflected light like a mirror shimmering within it.

WhooshГўВҖВ”

As I stubbornly approached the gate, ignoring the monsters' basic attacks, the Imperial Gate flickered greatly once.

[UrghГўВҖВҰ!]

[Gah.]

A man was thrown out from beyond the Imperial Gate as if he had been flung.

He wasn't an Imperial soldier like I usually saw.

He wasn't wearing a military uniform, wasn't armed, and his face was covered in bruises.

And he was young.

[Wh-where is thisГўВҖВҰ?]

Maybe late teens?

I thought about trying to talk to him to get some information, but unfortunately, I failed before I could even try.

[Ah, ahhhГўВҖВҰ!!]

The man, who seemed to have been forcibly brought over from beyond the Imperial Gate, soon began to mutate after being exposed to the fogГўВҖВҰ

Crack.

Before he could finish mutating, I swung my hammer and granted the nameless man his peace.

But what in the world was this?

ГЈВҖВҢYou have killed an Imperial slave.ГЈВҖВҚ

Not only did I not feel any EXP gain, but the corpse didn't disappear.

'Don't tell me this is an Unranked judgment?'

The possibility briefly crossed my mind, but I lacked the information to be certain.

Like a possessed person, I stuck my finger beyond the Imperial Gate.

Whoosh~!

My index finger was sucked in without any resistance, as if I were putting my hand in water.

So, I can go in the opposite direction too, huh?

ГўВҖВңWhat would I find if I cross over?ГўВҖВқ

An unbearable curiosity began to well up inside me.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 915 ---

Chapter 915: The Route (3)

A Hidden Piece.

In this world, it was called an Arrangement of Gabrielius, something that was bound to make the heart of every explorer pound.

Thump thump!!

My gamerГўВҖВҷs intuition was speaking.

It was possible to cross the Imperial Gate, and beyond it, immense danger and reward surely awaited.

This was undeniably a ГўВҖВҳHidden PieceГўВҖВҷ.

ГўВҖВҳBut itГўВҖВҷs probably not related to clearing the Twin Islands.ГўВҖВҷ

Should I call it a bonus stage?

It was likely a place where I could decide whether to challenge it only after finishing the main conquest.

Thump thump!!

What could be beyond this Imperial Gate?

A gamer's instinctive curiosity was piqued, my hand moving toward the directional controls on its own, but I forced myself to suppress the urge.

Entering right now would be no different from suicide.

It wasn't even confirmed if entry was unrestricted, and I didn't even have my trusted companions with me.

Besides, destroying this gate was the first step of our established strategy.

"Hoo..."

Is this what a person trying to quit smoking feels when they smell a cigarette?

The thought that destroying the Imperial Gate now might mean losing the chance to explore beyond it forever made my heart pound like crazy.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳBe patient.ГўВҖВҷ

Yes, that was the right thing to do.

Bonus stage or whatever, I had to finish conquering the main game first.

How much had been invested in this conquest?

I couldn't ruin it all just to satisfy my curiosity.

SoГўВҖВҰ

Swoosh.

I quickly took out the bombs from my pocket dimension and set them around the Imperial Gate.

It was one of the consumables I had brought in bulk from the Mage Tower.

A bomb developed by a genius magi-tech researcher, its name was ГўВҖВҳDinoГўВҖВҷ.

He was a mage who came from the Evil Spirits, and sadly, he was executed and died seven years agoГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳFrankly, if he was that obvious about it, you could consider it a natural death...ГўВҖВҷ

Anyway, after attaching the bombs to the pillars of the Imperial Gate, I quickly created some distance and pressed the activation button on the remote control.

There was no hesitation.

Of course, as a K-Barbarian, I had to know how to separate public and private matters.

Following the plan we all made together was the priority.

Well, if it turned out I could never explore beyond the Imperial Gate, this moment might feel incredibly regretful.

"ГўВҖВҰIf it doesn't break, then there's nothing I can do about it, right?"

I did my part.

SoГўВҖВҰ

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Shaking off the Imperial Army soldiers clinging to me, I headed toward the Imperial Gate where the explosion had sounded.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs hard to say if this is fortunate.ГўВҖВҷ

The Imperial Gate, standing tall amidst the black mist, was perfectly fine.

***

The bomb I had painstakingly prepared had no effect.

It wasn't a particularly surprising or shocking event.

With so many smart people gathered to make a plan, did they think we wouldn't have considered that?

We had considered the possibility that the Imperial Gate might have an 'Indestructible' property, and even if not, we had fully considered the possibility of failing to destroy it due to insufficient firepower.

Therefore, there was only one thing I had to do now.

ГўВҖВҳSTEP 2.ГўВҖВҷ

I moved quickly for the next part of the plan.

Destroying the Imperial Gate was the best-case scenario, but even if we failed, the overall plan wouldn't change.

Breaking it would just make the raid much easier; its presence didnГўВҖВҷt make the raid itself impossible.

[Viscount, what happened to the Imperial Gate?]

"Failed to destroy it. From now on, I will find BerzakГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

I stopped mid-sentence while reporting the situation on the ground.

ГўВҖВҳHe certainly didn't look like a tiger.ГўВҖВҷ

Speak of the devil, a giant beastГўВҖВҷs form appeared beyond the black mist, identical to the one I saw just before warping.

Well, it would be strange if it didn't show up after such a loud explosion.

[Viscount? Why did you suddenly stop talkГўВҖВ”]

"I've just found the target."

Though it hadn't fully revealed itself yet, as the creature approached, the monsters that had been pestering me all retreated.

What's this? Is it going to team kill them?

Or is this just a dramatic entrance?

[Be careful from here on out. We don't know what abilities it possesses. Everything depends on your judgment, Viscount.]

"I'm going to concentrate, so from now on, please only say what's absolutely necessary."

With that, I tuned out the transmission and focused on Berzak, whose form was becoming clearer by the second.

A large physique, about the size of an Ogre.

Threatening forelegs like a mantis.

And its skin was covered with sharp, awl-like protrusions.

Fwooooosh~!

The massive Aura flaring up over its forelegs was so intimidating it gave me chills.

An extra-large Aura, the likes of which I had never seen before.

Thud!

Finally, the creature approached within visibility, shaking the ground, but it didn't charge right away.

[ГўВҖВҰ]

Without any threatening roars or snorts, Berzak just stared down at me quietly.

It was as if it had come to check the noise and was now thinking, ГўВҖВҳWhat the hell is this thing?ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВңBEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!ГўВҖВқ

So I just struck first.

It was the panic button that no monster reacting to Threat Levels could ever resist.

Berzak was no exception.

Of course, even when it could talk, it couldn't escape the laws of the Labyrinth.

[Groooaaar!!]

Sure enough, as soon as I pressed the panic button, the creature ended the standoff and swung its foreleg.

It wasn't an ordinary beast's foreleg; it was sharp like a mantis's scythe and enhanced with Aura, creating an immense pressure.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳLetГўВҖВҷs test the waters first.ГўВҖВҷ

While its power seemed to have increased significantly, it wasn't as fast as it was in its human-form.

Also, because its forelegs were shaped like a mantis's scythes, its range for single-target basic attacks was small, which was a major weakness.

Just like this.

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

The point of impact was such that I could block it even with my Shield without using Giant Form.

Moreover, the shape of its foreleg made its attack trajectory simple and easy to read.

It didn't seem to have the intelligence to mix in feints either.

Most importantlyГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was slow.

Slow enough that even with the body of a Shield Warrior, whose Agility Stat is low, I could see the attack and block it.

"... It's surprisingly low difficulty?"

Of course, to make an accurate judgment, I would need to see what skills it uses, but for now, after taking a few basic attacks, that was my first impression.

If Berzak (human-form) was an agile character, then the Berzak (monster-form) I was currently facing was more like a typical strength-based character.

ГўВҖВҳBut it's hard to say it got weakerГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Hmm, yesГўВҖВҰ the term ГўВҖВҳside-gradedГўВҖВҷ seemed just right.

It felt like its Rank was the same, but only its attributes had changed.

With increased power and toughness, it would be much more advantageous for wiping out crowds, but it was much worse in a one-on-one fight.

Ah, of course, that was based on the standard of fighting meГўВҖВ”

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Is it just going to keep using basic attacks?

I wanted to figure out a skill or two so I could think of a counter-method before luring it.

[Groooaaargh~!]

Anyway, it seemed I had properly drawn its aggro, so I ended the initial greeting there and turned my back to run.

Tap, tap!

Since I wasn't using Giant Form, my body moved much more lightly than usual.

Thud!

Berzak chased after me with its massive body.

Fortunately, its movement speed wasn't that fast.

It was at a level where I could just about maintain the current distance.

If the weaker monsters hadn't fled from it, the lure would have been much harder.

Tap!

The luring operation was much smoother than expected, but I knew well that complacency always leads to accidents.

Thus, even as I ran forward, all my senses were focused on Berzak behind me.

Aside from that Aura that seemed to be constantly active, I had yet to see a single one of its skills firsthand.

ГЈВҖВҢThe unique mutant has cast [Camouflage Predation].ГЈВҖВҚ

What the, where did it go?

I glanced back, but the giant form was no longer visible beyond the mist.

The heavy sound of its footsteps chasing me had also disappeared.

ГЈВҖВҢA stealth bonus is granted until the end of the battle.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAbsorbs a portion of the abilities of targets killed until the end of the battle.ГЈВҖВҚ

...

Did I lose its aggro?

Just as that thought crossed my mind and I was about to shout to draw its aggro again.

"...?"

A chilling sensation washed over me.

As always, my body reacted before my mind.

This experienced and instinctive warrior's body quickly raised the ShieldГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successful.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

At that moment, the guard was successful, and a faint physical force was transmitted to the arm holding the Shield.

Even though nothing was visible.

What in the world was happening?

My mind, given a moment to think, quickly came up with the answer.

'... Stealth? With that body?'

I definitely thought it was a strength-based character, so what kind of skill set concept was this?

Even the stealth rank was ridiculous.

Not only its appearance but also the sound disappeared, and it didn't seem to break even after attacking, which it normally should.

Tap-!

Since it had come to this, paying attention to my rear was meaningless, so I just focused on running to the target location.

After all, whether I blocked or got hit, the result was about the same.

ГЈВҖВҢDamaged body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢ5% of HP consumed.ГЈВҖВҚ

From then on, I just took all the hits from the creature, which was completely hidden in the mist, and stubbornly pushed forward.

Finding the right direction even in the view-obstructing black mist wasn't difficult.

It wasn't because I was a skilled GuideГўВҖВҰ

[You're slightly off course! You need to turn more to the right!]

A raid isn't something you do alone, is it?

Even at this moment, the main force had placed a GPS on the map of Rymia Island and was acting as a control towerГўВҖВҰ

Sploosh~!

And they were periodically firing water bombs along my path to ensure my Hyper Regeneration bonus didn't wear off.

ГўВҖВҳHaving more people really increases the number of available strategies by an absurd amount.ГўВҖВҷ

I truly coveted it.

If I could always lead a force of this size, I would be farming the Ninth Floor daily.

[Just a little more! You'll be at the target point in about 10 minutes if you keep goingГўВҖВҰ!]

Hoo, already?

Well, the mist only covered the central part of the island.

"It's confirmed the creature has a stealth-type ability. It's top-tier stealth; it makes no sound and doesn't break during combat."

[We will prepare magic and abilities to counter it.

Have you confirmed anything else?]

"Unfortunately, not yet."

As I shared the confirmed information about the creature with the main force and continued to run, I finally reached the target point.

The Outermost Area, the boundary of the mist.

Tap!

The moment I stepped on its edge and took another big step forward.

Fwoosh~!

The suffocatingly dense black mist vanished completely, and I was greeted by cool air and a wide-open view.

"It's the Viscount!!"

"Waaaaaah!!"

The main force, which had formed up at a slight distance, spotted me and let out a cheer.

However, instead of responding, I stopped and looked back toward the mist.

[ГўВҖВҰ]

Even as the main force was making a racket, I felt a quiet stillness around me.

ThumpГўВҖВ”

The creature was definitely still in the mist, watching me.

I let out a shout, communicating with it.

"BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!"

So, are you coming out or not?

The answer was truly instantaneous.

Swoosh.

Feeling a strange chill, I raised my Shield, and sure enough.

ГЈВҖВҢDefense successfulГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe Barrier of Aegis absorbs all damage.ГЈВҖВҚ

Feeling the minute physical force transmitted through the Shield, I grinned.

My, my, to follow a strange Barbarian old man out into this bright place.

Is it because it's a mob from the latest patch?

ГўВҖВҳKids these days have no fear.ГўВҖВҷ

The difficulty of the raid had just been dramatically lowered.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 916 ---

Chapter 916: The Route (4)

The Lord of the Abyss, Berzak.

When raiding this bastard, the most annoying thing wasnГўВҖВҷt its own physical power.

The difficulty of the raid skyrockets because of this absurdly unfair field effect called ГўВҖВҳFog of the AbyssГўВҖВҷ.

I mean, isnГўВҖВҷt it obvious?

Magic efficiency is reduced by three-quarters.

The active skills of equipment and Essences are sealed.

Frankly, this alone is enough to virtually eliminate the firepower of the ranged attackers, the stars of any raid.

You could say a ranged attacker raised on Essences becomes a cripple with their limbs torn off.

As for magesГўВҖВҰ

Well, it feels like they have about one arm left.

Melee types who can use Aura, supported by a large number of High Priests.

That was the most basic requirement for a Berzak raid.

ГўВҖВңBut this changes things.ГўВҖВқ

This wasnГўВҖВҷt a cave on the First Floor.

It wasnГўВҖВҷt an enclosed space but a vast island, and the bastard had even come out of the fog on its own.

So, firstГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢWibel Ganz has cast the Rank 2 spell [Land of Truth].ГЈВҖВҚ

I had to strip away that stealth.

Without me giving a signal or doing anything, Ganz immediately activated the spell he must have prepared while I was luring the beast here.

ГЈВҖВҢStealth effects within this area are removed.ГЈВҖВҚ

As soon as the spell was cast, a massive body appeared in the empty air, and the sounds that had been erased by the stealth effect returned.

[GrrrГўВҖВҰ]

Grrrrr.

It seemed a little flustered, but honestly, this was to be expected even if it were a Rank 1 creature.

A Rank 2 spell designed solely to counter stealth.

Besides, Berzak only had stealth as a support skill; it wasnГўВҖВҷt a monster that specialized in it.

ГўВҖВңFire!ГўВҖВқ

The raid began in earnest as the ranged attackers, positioned widely at a distance, launched their bombardment.

[Groooaaar!!]

It seemed to have a lot of HP, but the attack must have stung as it let out a roar and charged at me.

Normally, after the first volley, the melee damage dealers would step in to fill the DPS gap while the ranged attackers reset their cycles, butГўВҖВҰ

That step was skipped in this raid.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs an unidentified creature, after all.ГўВҖВҷ

How could I commit our full force when we didnГўВҖВҷt know what skills it possessed?

Just looking at its Aura, it was obvious that most warriors would be split in half and killed with a single hit.

Well, the core of a Rank 2 or higher raid is to throw in warriors to endure somehow, even with that risk, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳThereГўВҖВҷs no need for that right now.ГўВҖВҷ

The issues I mentioned before are all because the high attack power of top-tier creatures requires the tanking to be distributed.

With multiple tanks.

Even that wasnГўВҖВҷt enough, so melee attackers had to distract it from the side or dodge a basic attack or two to give the tanks a moment to breathe.

That was usually how the front line was maintained.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңBEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!!ГўВҖВқ

That strategy was unnecessary for me, who could solo tank without such support.

There was no reason to see meaningless bloodshed, was there?

A Shield Barbarian can solo tank just fine.

ГўВҖВҳFirst, IГўВҖВҷll check all its skills, and if it seems okay, weГўВҖВҷll send them inГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

[Giant Form], [Stake], and [Iron Fortress], which was now noticeably less effective.

I activated every active skill I could.

On top of that, I faced the creature covered in various buff spells cast by the support-type explorers who had come with the raid party.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe mutant has cast [Bloodlight].ГЈВҖВҚ

Just like that, its second skill was confirmed.

Fwoong!

A red orb rose into the sky.

At a glance, it looked like a full moon, just red.

ГЈВҖВҢSummons all monsters within a 5km radius.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe stats of monsters that answer the call are increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

As the red orb rose, countless Mutants that had been beyond the fog began to pour out.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs a bit ambiguous to call it a summoning skillГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

So is it a skill that calls monsters within a certain radius?

But what would happen if we obtained that skill?

ГўВҖВҳI doubt they would turn into alliesГўВҖВҰ that wouldnГўВҖВҷt make sense.ГўВҖВҷ

Even so, I coveted it a little.

Some might say itГўВҖВҷs a poor skill for a high-grade Essence, but as a gamer who thoroughly values efficiencyГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs perfect for gathering mobs, isnГўВҖВҷt it?ГўВҖВҷ

I could already picture it, lighting up the area like a squid-fishing boat and frantically mining Magic Stones.

Well, I donГўВҖВҷt know what it would actually be like.

Anyway.

ГўВҖВңWaaaaaaah!!ГўВҖВқ

As soon as the monsters started pouring out, the command of the main force sent in the waiting warriors to form a front line.

This wasnГўВҖВҷt an unexpected situation.

We had anticipated from the start that the monsters would come out from beyond the fog.

We had come and run a few tests before even starting the plan.

The monsters in the fog generally waited inside, but if they got aggroed, they would come out.

ГўВҖВңBlock them! DonГўВҖВҷt let them get to the rear!ГўВҖВқ

Just as Berzak had.

ГўВҖВңHold them back! DonГўВҖВҷt let them get through!ГўВҖВқ

And so, the basic framework of the raid was established.

The warriors held the line, preventing the Mutants from reaching the rear where the ranged attackers were positioned.

Booooom! Boom!

The ranged attackers, protected, continued to cycle through their damage skills.

ГўВҖВңAaaaaahГўВҖВҰ!ГўВҖВқ

The Priests of the Three Gods Orchestra, having finished their songs and music for me alone, cast a mass healing spell.

At that moment, BerzakГўВҖВҷs third skill was confirmed.

ГЈВҖВҢThe mutant has cast [Immune System].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢNatural Regeneration is greatly increased during the cooldown.ГЈВҖВҚ

The moment the beast suddenly curled up.

The sharp, awl-shaped boils covering its entire body shot out in all directions.

Pshhhk! Pshk!

Baaaang! Bang!

The boils, fired in every direction, exploded like grenades upon impact with anything, not distinguishing between friend or foe.

ГўВҖВҳDamn itГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

That one skill devastated the entire battlefield.

The field became a chaotic mess, as if it had been hit by a missile barrage.

What was more surprising was what happened next.

ГЈВҖВҢAbsorbs a portion of the abilities of the defeated target.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAbsorbs a portion of the abilities of the defeated target.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢAbsorbs a portion of the abilities of the defeatedГўВҖВҰГЈВҖВҚ

Not only did the beastГўВҖВҷs movements become subtly fasterГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰHuh?ГўВҖВқ

It started casting new skills.

But they didnГўВҖВҷt seem to be its unique skills.

BecauseГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe mutant has cast [Defense System].ГЈВҖВҚ

That transparent barrier-like thing appearing in front of it.

WasnГўВҖВҷt that the skill used by the Mutant with one arm transformed into a shield?

ГЈВҖВҢThe mutant has cast [Interception System].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe damage of all ranged attacks is greatly increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

That effect of its eyes glittering was from the cannon-headed one.

ГўВҖВҳIt has that too?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, it could be a shared skill.

ButГўВҖВҰ

Chiiiiik!

That steam rising from above its head.

If I wasnГўВҖВҷt mistaken, that was definitelyГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe mutant has cast [Furnace].ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢTemporarily becomes immune to cold and fire damage, and physical stats are greatly increased.ГЈВҖВҚ

How could it be using the Lava GiantГўВҖВҷs [Furnace]?

The moment the question arose, something clicked.

ГўВҖВңGanz, were there any casualties on our side from that last attack?ГўВҖВқ

[So far, itГўВҖВҷs confirmed that four warriors brought by the Beastkin have been killed.]

ГўВҖВңAmong the four, was there anyone with the Lava Giant Essence? Anyone?ГўВҖВқ

Ganz quickly said he would check and paused the communication for a moment.

When he came back, he had the answer I wanted.

[Yes.

One of them had the Lava Giant Essence, and he even possessed the [Furnace] skill.

Are you saying the beast is using [Furnace] because of that?]

Like the quick-witted mage he was, Ganz seemed to grasp the situation without me having to say more.

This was more than enough to confirm the information.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

I thought it was just a side-grade from an agility character to a strength character.

But now I see that wasnГўВҖВҷt it.

If itГўВҖВҷs a growth-type concept, itГўВҖВҷs only natural for it to be weak in the beginning.

ГўВҖВҳBut that ГўВҖВңweakГўВҖВқ version was Berzak (human form)...ГўВҖВҷ

From now on, time is of the essence.

***

Berzak (monster form).

As the battle continued, data on the beast accumulated rapidly.

First, that most troublesome ability, absorption.

From what weГўВҖВҷve gathered, there are several conditions.

Direct kill.

It has to be a direct kill, not just involvement.

It only absorbs if it lands the final blow.

Partial.

It only uses [Furnace] from among the skills the deceased had, not any others, which means it seems to randomly select only a portion of the skills.

Probability.

Also, a kill doesnГўВҖВҷt guarantee absorption.

It didnГўВҖВҷt use any other Essences from the four who died.

Stats.

This isnГўВҖВҷt certain, butГўВҖВҰ it seems it doesnГўВҖВҷt just take skills but also gets a stat increase.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs been getting faster and fasterГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

The simple countermeasure that comes to mind is to drastically reduce the risk of casualties.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs like pouring water into a cracked pot.ГўВҖВҷ

Our efforts alone canГўВҖВҷt stop its growth.

Even now, other monsters are eagerly rushing to their deaths.

ГўВҖВҳIt probably wonГўВҖВҷt absorb any more skillsГўВҖВҰ but its stats will keep rising.ГўВҖВҷ

For some reason, I feel a sense of futility.

And IГўВҖВҷve felt this way before.

It was exactly like this when I first learned about how Americans throw all their trash into a single bag without any sorting.

Anyway.

The more we reduce risk, the higher the chance of a prolonged battle.

So, I made a swift decision.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre using Little Flare.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰWerenГўВҖВҷt we supposed to save that if possible?]

Well, thatГўВҖВҷs true.

There are other bastards to kill besides this one.

I wanted to avoid using ГўВҖВҳLittle FlareГўВҖВҷ, which could be called our trump card, as much as possible.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs better than failing the conquest itself. We donГўВҖВҷt even know what other Supernatural Abilities it has.ГўВҖВқ

So if weГўВҖВҷre going to do it, doing it now before it absorbs more abilities would actually be the way to save resources.

[My position is that we should take more time to make a more careful decisionГўВҖВҰ]

GanzГўВҖВҷs reaction was slightly negative.

However, before I could persuade him further, he changed his mind.

[ГўВҖВҰIn a way, this kind of swift decision-making is one of the strengths that has made the Viscount who he is today.

Very well, I will trust and follow the ViscountГўВҖВҷs judgment.]

Yes, this must be the power of reputation.

The difficult paths IГўВҖВҷve walked have now become a history that forms the basis of trust.

[ГўВҖВҰPreparations are complete.]

After a little more time, the moment to use our trump card arrived.

ГўВҖВңIs rapid fire possible?ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰIt is. However, if you set it to continuous fire, the interval between shots will be much shorter, but it will use up all the pre-set number of shots, so I do not recommendГўВҖВ”]

Having gotten the information I wanted, I immediately cut Ganz off.

ГўВҖВңWeГўВҖВҷre going with the rapid-fire setting.ГўВҖВқ

[But if the beast dodgesГўВҖВҰ]

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt worry, IГўВҖВҷll hold on tight.ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰWhat do you mean? If you do that, youГўВҖВҷll alsoГўВҖВ”]

ГўВҖВңI said donГўВҖВҷt worry.ГўВҖВқ

When I spoke firmly again, Ganz replied after a short pause.

[Then how many shots shall it be?]

HmmГўВҖВҰ this is a bit of a dilemma.

Using all five remaining shots would be a waste if it dies before that.

ГўВҖВңLetГўВҖВҷs go with three.ГўВҖВқ

[Could you share the reasoning behind your decision for three shots?]

Huh? Reasoning?

I donГўВҖВҷt really have one.

ГўВҖВңTwo seems too few, and four seems a bit much?ГўВҖВқ

[ГўВҖВҰI will set it to three shots.]

Okay, so that partГўВҖВҷs settledГўВҖВҰ

Having matched its size to some extent with [Giant Form], I ran forward, grabbed the beastГўВҖВҷs head, and started wrestling.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Thud!

Grabbing its neck, I wrestled with it on the ground and gave the order to fire.

ГўВҖВңNow.ГўВҖВқ

As soon as the order was given, a confirmation came back from the main force.

I tightened my grip on Berzak, worried it might miss.

I mean, how much does that thing cost?

ГўВҖВҳHe said itГўВҖВҷs about 800 million Stone per shotГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

So three shots are a total of 2.4 billion Stone.

An extravagance that would be impossible without the Payback Event on the Twin Islands.

Whether itГўВҖВҷs Rank 1 or whatever, if an Essence doesnГўВҖВҷt drop, itГўВҖВҷs a confirmed loss.

Ah, of course, usually, an Essence doesnГўВҖВҷt dropГўВҖВҰ

-!

A fierce light filled my vision.

ГўВҖВңAh.ГўВҖВқ

That was my last memory.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- Chapter 917 ---

Chapter 917: The Route (5)

A break in my memory.

It did not last long.

My body, having reached a state of Hyper Regeneration,

repaired the parts damaged by the 'Little Flare' as if swapping out components...

"...!"

When I took a sharp breath and opened my eyes to survey my surroundings, Berzak was nowhere to be seen.

Even though the heat had not yet faded from the ground.

'Did I get him...?'

That was my first thought, but soon, various clues came to mind, and I realized that wasn't the case.

There was nothing.

The effect of a corpse scattering into particles of light?

That could happen over time.

An Essence?

It's natural for there to be none if it didn't drop.

But there was no Magic Stone either.

If I had defeated him, one should have dropped for sure.

The fact that there isn't one means...

Hah, so even three rounds of Little Flare couldn't take him down.

I shot up to my feet.

This was no time to give up and rest.

Wasn't this an attempt I'd invested 2.4 billion Stone in? There's no way he was unscathed...

[Viscount! Viscount! The bastard is escaping toward the fog!]

I had to follow quickly and land the final blow.

Following the voice ringing in my head, I turned toward the center where the fog was and saw Berzak.

Not on two feet, but four.

He was crawling away.

Blood gushed from three holes that had yet to regenerate.

Stumbling, yet never falling, he pushed on steadfastly.

...

Where do you think you're going.

He looked like a con artist running off with money.

No, it wasn't a metaphor.

Looking at the outcome, it wasn't much different.

It's true, isn't it?

To take an investment of 2.4 billion Stone and just run off like this.

Tadat-!

The moment I grasped the situation, I desperately chased after him.

Of course, having started long before me, he had already reached the edge of the fog, and it seemed clear he would cross into it before I could reach him...

"Are you ready?"

[We just finished.........!]

We also came well-prepared.

It might have been different if he'd just hunkered down in the fog from the start.

But since he had arrogantly come out, he couldn't escape so easily.

Well, it seemed he still believed that everything would be solved once he entered the fog.

Hwoong~!

The moment his body entered the black fog.

The countermeasure the main force had prepared was executed.

ГЈВҖВҢKars Briand has cast [Lantern of Evil].ГЈВҖВҚ

A rare, Second-Rank skill that one of the raid party members possessed.

Hwiiiiiik!

A black flame, launched in an arc from the main force, shot into the black fog.

And.........

Swaaaaaaaaaaaah!!

As if a flare had gone off, the black fog in the area vanished completely, revealing the creature hiding within.

It was the effect of the Lantern of Evil.

While it was impossible to remove the area's Field Effect...

ГЈВҖВҢThe Field Effect within the area is changed to one of the same rank.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was possible to choose the lesser evil.

A different Field Effect, not the 'Fog of the Abyss'.

'What is this?'

In the space where the black fog had retreated, pitch-black particles of light formed like a swarm of fireflies.

[Viscount! Stop for a moment! That is.]

"I know, no need to explain."

Having played [Dungeon & Stone] for nearly ten years and explored every corner, it wasn't hard to recognize that Field Effect.

Of course, a question did arise.

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Twin Sea is removed.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect Fog of the Abyss is removed.ГЈВҖВҚ

What? How did this come out?

There was no way this Field Effect was considered the same rank as the 'Fog of the Abyss'.

That's because...

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect - Sanctuary of Souls is granted.ГЈВҖВҚ

This was the Field Effect of a Tenth Floor Rift.

One with a single, ambiguous line as its option.

ГЈВҖВҢDeath to the livingГЈВҖВҚ

In the original game, things like this were the scariest.

And it was the same in reality.

The only ways to counter this effect were to get a 'Corpse' status through a special Essence setup to gain immunity, or to be protected by a special item within the Rift...

'Now that I see it, my setup can handle this, huh...?'

After hesitating for a moment at the unexpected Field Effect, I pushed myself inside without a second thought.

[Don't tell me you're going in.........!]

"Yes."

It's just that everything seemed to fit together perfectly.

ГЈВҖВҢAll mental-type Status Effects are applied.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Mental Resistance is at its maximum.ГЈВҖВҚ

This could be countered by the 'Crown of Anguish' I had used again as soon as I got out of the fog,

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes HP every second.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢSoul Power is restored in proportion to the consumed HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

and with the regeneration effect of [Stake], I could endure inside without Divine Power.

And most importantly.

'It's not like I'm the only one suffering.'

It is the truth of this world that joy shared is diminished, and hardship shared is also diminished.

ГЈВҖВҢThe Field Effect within the area is applied to all targets.ГЈВҖВҚ

Thanks to the [Lantern of Evil], this Field Effect also applies to 'monsters'.

So, to put it simply.

"From now on, do nothing."

All I had to do was hold him here.

Until he turned into a mummy from the Field Effect and died.

[What do you mean]

"I'll handle it myself, so don't send people in trying to help."

After quickly relaying the order to the main force, I body-slammed the bewildered Berzak as the fog cleared.

"BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAAA!!"

Kwaaaang!

Berzak, who had been crawling, rolled to the side after being body-slammed.

But did he instinctively sense that the black orbs of light flying around were draining his HP in real time?

Even though my threat level should have taken effect, he started crawling away, trying to escape into the fog instead of attacking me.

It wasn't particularly strange.

'Threat level isn't omnipotent.'

Just like how even a Goblin would turn its back and flee when its life was on the line.

When HP drops below a certain point, the threat level doesn't work as well.

But.........

Kwaang-!

If the taunt doesn't work, I just have to use my body.

What else can I do?

After the body slam, I quickly got back up from my roll and grabbed the crawling bastard's ankle, pulling him back.

Was it because he had taken three rounds of Little Flare and was now turning into a mummy in real time?

[Guoooooooooh~!!!]

Even if it was difficult to drag him all the way to me, I could at least hold him so he couldn't move forward.

Well, considering my current weight.

Kuuung!!

I even tossed my hammer aside and drove my arm into the ground.

Did he then think he had to get rid of me first?

He began to madly smash my arm with his mantis-like foreleg.

And............

Kwajik!

Soon, my arm was torn off as if it were crushed.

Of course, it wasn't a very meaningful action.

ГЈВҖВҢA severed body part has been regenerated.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢConsumes 5% of HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

I could just regenerate it immediately and grab him again.

Kwajik! Kwajik! Kwajik!

No matter how many times he smashed my arm, I steadfastly regenerated and clung to him like a leech.

How much time had passed since then?

The pain was so excruciating that my sense of time had blurred a bit, but it didn't feel like much time had passed.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's HP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢBeginning countdown.ГЈВҖВҚ

My HP had already reached 0%.

Was it natural, since my HP was being consumed by the 'Sanctuary of Souls' while I was constantly regenerating my body?

Ah, of course, even in this state, I didn't stop clinging to him.

ГЈВҖВҢThe conditions for [Disapproval] have been met.ГЈВҖВҚ

No matter how I looked at it, I seemed to have more.

The time I was given.

ГЈВҖВҢDuring the countdown, Natural Regeneration greatly increases in proportion to the Mental Power stat.ГЈВҖВҚ

Soon, [Disapproval] activated, and my Natural Regeneration, already in a state of 'Hyper Regeneration' due to [Stake], was boosted once more.

And......

ГЈВҖВҢThe character's Natural Regeneration is 13,000 or higher.ГЈВҖВҚ

It finally activated.

The very thing that made me decide the (NEW) Shield Barbarian was superior.

ГЈВҖВҢImmortality BonusГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢHyper Regeneration no longer consumes HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

First, regenerating a severed body part no longer drains my HP.

ГЈВҖВҢDamage received cannot exceed 1% of maximum HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

The maximum amount of damage received is fixed.

Just like this.

Kwajik-!

His foreleg smashed down on my arm once again, but the result was different from before.

'So this is what it feels like in reality.'

A sensation of his foreleg piercing my flesh, while at the same time, new flesh welled up from within, pushing it out.

However, that sensation was truly fleeting.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's HP has reached 10%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢEnding countdown.ГЈВҖВҚ

The countdown ended in less than three minutes.

To perform like this while not only rolling around in the 'Sanctuary of Souls' but also being madly attacked by a boss monster.

'If it weren't for the Sanctuary of Souls, it would have taken less than a minute.'

Moreover, [Disapproval] is a passive skill.

It has no cooldown.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter's HP has reached 0%.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢBeginning countdown.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢThe conditions for [Disapproval] have been met.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even if my HP plummets again as the Immortality Bonus ends, as soon as the passive activates, my HP shoots right back up.

I could guarantee it.

If a boss like this existed in [Dungeon & Stone], everyone would have smashed their keyboards and quit the game long ago.

Ah, of course, I still would have played it.

"... It's not like there's no strategy to beat it."

How do you beat this? Isn't it just invincible?

Someone looking at my current state might say that, but from my perspective, it's not that absolute.

First, if you mess with the Natural Regeneration stat with a curse or an item, you can't get the Immortality Bonus...

ГЈВҖВҢDamage received cannot exceed 1% of maximum HP.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even with the Immortality Bonus, if dozens of what is commonly called 'tick damage' are stacked, there could be cases where recovery is impossible within the countdown.

'Well, the fact that you can only be killed in such a situation is unreasonable enough.'

Actually, that's because they haven't been in my shoes.

"Ork ork ork..!!"

The moment I finished my thoughts, an indescribable pain was vividly transmitted to me.

A profound pain that made me want to lose my mind hundreds of times a second.

But even amidst that, my eyes were fixed on him.

Kwajik!

Was he starting to lose strength?

The frequency with which he slammed his foreleg down to shake me off had decreased significantly.

The power behind it seemed less than before, too.

The warrior's instinct, which accurately spots opportunities and weaknesses, told me.

Grin.

It was the most perfect timing to land the final blow.

Right, if he died from the Field Effect, everyone might think I got a free ride...

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has used [Aegis Dragon Armor].ГЈВҖВҚ

The Dragon Armor, which must have reached full stacks long ago while activating [Disapproval] several times, flashed with light.

And............

Kwaaaaaaaaaaaaaang-!

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated a mutant.

EXP +9ГЈВҖВҚ

The Berzak raid, which had been marked by pain, finally came to an end.

***

What is the flower of a raid?

If you ask this question, people's opinions are divided.

The flower of a raid is the ranged attacker.

No, it's the Mage.

The Tank.

Or maybe some would say it's the strategy itself.

But.........

'That's all bullshit.'

I can say with certainty, the flower of a raid is the 'spoils of war'.

It's true, isn't it?

No matter how perfect a strategy you devise, no matter how spectacularly you take down the boss and get everyone's attention, what does it matter?

If you get nothing out of it.

Yes, just like right now.

After going through so much hardship and putting on an overwhelming performance in front of everyone...

It's all for nothing.

SwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahГўВҖВ”!

Watching Berzak's corpse scatter into light, all the raid members, including me, were at a loss for words.

As for a Numbers Item, it was natural for one not to drop since he wasn't a Guardian.

[The Essence......... didn't drop.]

And I was well aware that the probability of an Essence not dropping was higher than it dropping.

I couldn't help but feel like I'd been scammed.

Heh, I should have known from the moment he shamelessly tried to flee after taking a 2.4 billion hit.

This is why no one does Rank-1 raids.

The spoils of war were nine times the experience of a Goblin.

And......

Clatter.

A single Rank-1 magic stone was all there was.

[Read English translations of Chinese light novels and web novels. Dive into captivating cultivation novels, thrilling xianxia adventures, and imaginative xuanhuan worldsГўВҖВ”all in one place. Experience the best of Chinese and Korean storytelling with Novtales!]

--- CHAPTER 918 ---

Chapter 918: The Route (6)

Picking up the Rank 1 Magic Stone that had fallen carelessly on the floor marked the end of all the looting.

It was a hollow ending compared to the effort and investment put in, but I humbly accepted reality.

It made sense, didn't it? If every creature we killed dropped an Essence, there would be far more Explorers in this world with Rank 1 Essences.

The rarity of Rank 1 Essences was also a matter of cost-effectiveness.

...

Am I lucky to have gotten even one?

Right, all happiness comes from misfortune.

The more I regret, the more I should assume the worst.

What if the Chief Researcher had also disappeared after dropping just a single Magic Stone? At least this was better than that.

"You've worked hard, Bjorn!"

"You've worked hard as well, Captain."

"Congratulations! You've accomplished another great feat! The Warriors will be pleased!"

As I returned, clutching the single Magic Stone tightly in my hand, my companions approached, offering words of praise for enduring the tough battle.

As I responded with customary phrases, the members of the main force soon sought me out as well.

"What a shame. If an Essence had dropped, its value would have been immeasurable."

"Well, it can't be helped."

"Still, don't be too disappointed. We don't know what else might be hidden in that fog."

What is this guy on about? Is he saying it's a shame, or not a shame? Or is he saying he's disappointed, but I shouldn't be?

It was a funny way of speaking, but exhausted from battle, I didn't bother to challenge him and just listened quietly.

Doing so did offer some comfort.

"Once we begin the search in earnest, something is bound to turn up. Our Mage Tower specializes in such matters."

Right, there was still that.

Rifts were originally like that, weren't they? Loot didn't just come from the boss.

What could possibly be hidden in this vast Imperial outpost? We would soon have the answer to the question I had been wondering about all this time.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

"Are you saying we can go beyond the Imperial Gate?"

"It's just a guess for now. I tried putting my hand through, and it went right in without any resistance."

"Oho, that's great news! I should go and check it out myself right away."

After reorganizing, we began our search in earnest.

Hmm, for now, was it more of a 'cleanup operation' than a search?

"The fog shows no sign of liftingГўВҖВҰ"

Despite having defeated Berzak, the 'Fog of the Abyss' that filled the center of the island remained.

It seemed Berzak's defeat had no connection to this fog.

Of course, something like fog couldn't stop an Explorer's burning greed.

"Uwoooooooh!!!"

Therefore, before the real search began, we carried out a massive cleanup operation.

The main force of several hundred people spread out and hunted the monsters at the edge of the fog.

After all, if our hunting speed was faster than the number of monsters respawning from the Imperial Gate, it would eventually be cleared.
[You have defeated an Incomplete Mutant.]
[You have defeated a Berserker-Type Mutant.]
[You have defeated a Cannon-Type Mu...]

...

For several days, the cleanup operation continued with the Tanks entering the fog to lure monsters out.

Once their numbers had dwindled to the point where luring them became difficult, we began to enter the fog in earnest.

AndГўВҖВҰ.

"So, this is the Imperial Gate!"

We rushed straight to the Imperial Gate, stationed our forces there, and immediately beheaded the Imperials as soon as they came through.

"This reminds me of the Fifth Floor."

"Yeah, back then, camping in front of the mirror all day was the norm."

No, correction.

We used to behead them immediately.

"But if we kill them before they mutate into monsters, they don't even drop Magic Stones?"

"It's easier for us this way, butГўВҖВҰ isn't it too much of a loss?"

At some point, such opinions began to surface, and eventually, the procedure became to wait for the people coming through the Imperial Gate to fully mutate into monsters before killing them.
[You have defeated an Incomplete Mutant.]
[You have defeated a Berserker-Type Mutant.]
[You have defeated a Cannon-Type MuГўВҖВҰ...]

...

Anyway, while we were blocking the entrance, most of the main force roamed inside the fog, clearing out the scattered creatures.

And now, around the time it became difficult to encounter any creatures even when wandering alone in the fog.

We began our search in earnest.

"That place looks a bit suspicious."

"Hmm, I should take this."

"Could you move that desk?"

In teams of six centered around a Mage, we thoroughly searched every building, and if nothing turned up, we smashed everything.

The reason was very simple.

Kwwaaaaang!!!

The chances were quite high.

"Oh! To think something like this was hidden inside the wall!"

"Even magic couldn't detect itГўВҖВҰ"

"Since it was hidden, it must be a valuable item, right?"

"Hehe, we'll have to get it appraised first. Good work, everyone! Since our team was the first to find it, we can expect a performance bonus if it's a truly valuable item!"

The items discovered during the search piled up with the main force, and the Mages specializing in appraisal spent all day in front of them, sorting through the items.

One day, two days, three daysГўВҖВҰ Time passed quickly.

It wasn't a particularly boring time.

After all, we also participated in the search.

Gyuln seemed to question why we would bother with such menial tasks, but I paid him no mind.

Looting is always fun.

It was the dopamine rush from the uncertainty.

You never knew what you might find.
[No.981 Firefly Ring has been activated.]

Just like this.

***

A fun looting time.

The place we, centered around GM, focused on searching was the Research Institute building.

The base of the Rank 1 creature, the Chief Researcher, and the very institute where the alpha and omega of this new region had been confined.

It was a reasonable assumption that if anything was hidden, it would be here.

Therefore, we searched and searched this building that extended deep underground, butГўВҖВҰ

"It's a book in the Ancient Language!"

"This deviceГўВҖВҰ it operates in a slightly different way from modern magi-tech. It seems worth taking back with Distortion magic."

"Oh! What's this Potion? It's purple?"

This was about all we got.

Well, it wasn't that each item had no value, and since we didn't know their exact uses yet, it was too early to judge.

HoweverГўВҖВҰ.

ГўВҖВҳWell.ГўВҖВҷ

I kept licking my lips.

It was completely unsatisfying.

After all, the items we had found so far weren't cleverly hidden, nor were they protected by powerful protective magic.

According to my big data, such items were, without exception, 'junk items'.

...

Nothing that felt like 'this is it' was turning up.

And so, we were searching the Laboratory located at the very bottom of the Research Institute building, even the room with the hot spring where Tesik and I had once lived together.

Hwoooong..

Suddenly, light flowed from the ring I was wearing, forming a round shape like a Light Orb.

"Huh? What's this?"

Ainar just tilted her head indifferently, but GM and I, who knew the ring's effect, were different.

"......!!"

"!!"

For a moment, our eyes widened as we checked each other's expressions.

"Oh! It's moving!"

We followed the halo of light that floated in the air.

Hwoooong~!

The halo, moving frustratingly slowly, headed towards the observation room adjacent to the Laboratory, and then entered a control deviceГўВҖВҰ

"It's gone!"

The halo of light vanished as if its job was done.

"It probably doesn't mean we should break that deviceГўВҖВҰ"

"Should weГўВҖВҰ press it?"

The place where the halo of light had touched was a mechanical device whose purpose was unclear to anyone.

To be precise, it was the 'button' on that device.

"Seems like it."

"But will it work properly? It clearly doesn't look like it's in good condition."

Misha spoke worriedly as she looked at the device, which was not only flooded but also broken in several places, but I felt it was too early to worry.

"We'll know when we press it.ГўВҖВқ

Click.

I pressed the button without dragging it out.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"?"

Even after waiting a few seconds in a tense silence, nothing happened.

Just as I was about to press the button againГўВҖВ”

Kkiiiiiiiiiik!!!

An unpleasant noise like scratching a chalkboard hit my eardrums, and static erupted from the speakers in the Laboratory and the observation room.
[Bzzzt, bzzt, bzzztГўВҖВ”.]

Hearing the static, Ainar asked.

"What is it saying? You know the Ancient Language, don't you!"

"Does that sound like the Ancient Language to you?"

"HmmГўВҖВҰ It does sound like it's saying something!"

I wanted to flick her on the forehead, but her question wasn't entirely baseless.

Judging by the rhythm of the static and the faint mechanical sounds in between, it did seem like a voice was coming from the speaker.

Well, it was impossible to interpret as 99% of it was static, probably because it was broken from being flooded.
[Bzzzzzt, device, bzzt, bzztГўВҖВҰ isГўВҖВҰ bzzt.]

Before I could properly interpret the content, the static stopped.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Jiiiiiing.

Hearing the sound of a mechanical device activating somewhere, I turned my head in that direction and saw a machine descending from the Laboratory ceiling.

At first glance, the machine appeared to be an 'injection device'.

Its appearance was very straightforward.

"There's a syringe at the end."

Entering the Laboratory again, we stared blankly at the injection device.

"Is it telling us to get injectedГўВҖВҰ?"

"UghГўВҖВҰ with that pitch-black, unknown drug?"

The purpose of the mechanical device found by the Firefly Ring seemed very clear, but our attitude towards it was far from positive.

It made sense, didn't it? We were supposed to inject an unknown drug, discovered in an institution that conducted inhumane experiments, into our veins?

Even a Barbarian wouldn't do that.

"Havelion, can you disassemble it?"

"Yes, looking at the structure, it doesn't seem too difficult."

"Then proceed immediately.ГўВҖВқ

At my command, GM, who had answered confidently, did indeed very easily disassemble the vial containing only the solution from the syringe.

"To be honestГўВҖВҰ even if we take this back and study it, I don't think we'll be able to figure out exactly what it is. The concepts behind these things are all so different from our current knowledgeГўВҖВҰ"

GM's expression was truly ambiguous as he detached the vial and handed it to me, and frankly, I felt much the same.

It felt like a chicken rib.

I couldn't inject it into my own body right now, but I couldn't just give it to anyone either.

It was clearly a single dose.

"..."

There was no dilemma quite like this one.

If I trusted it was an elixir and gave it to a companion, but it turned out to be a poison, it would be a disaster.

The reverse would be like throwing away an elixir, which was just as troubling.

'It's a bit much to take it just by trusting my Regeneration AbilityГўВҖВҰ'

This drug was a Hidden Piece found by the Firefly Ring.

In other words, no one knew what effect it would have.

If it had an effect like Essence -1, I would become a ruined character in that instant.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

"Perhaps an Alchemist might be able to figure out what kind of drug this is."

Okay, let's keep it for now.

Or, during a future loot distribution, I could package it as a drug found by the 'Firefly Ring' and sell it to someone else for a high price.

"We'll return to the main force for now.ГўВҖВқ

With that, we finished our search of the Research Institute and headed for the main force that had formed around the Imperial Gate.

As for the rest of the search of the institute, well, there were other search teams besides us, so we could just leave it to them.

"Ah, you've come at a good time. I had something to tell you regarding the Imperial Gate."

As I strolled over to the Imperial Gate, where the auto-hunt was underway, Gyuln, who was standing in front, greeted me.

This guy hadn't participated in the search at all, focusing solely on studying the Imperial Gate.

At Gyuln's words, I straightened my posture.

"Did you find out anything?"

To my question, which was filled with strong anticipation, Gyuln wiped his nose and grinned.

ГўВҖВңOf course. The volunteer who explored beyond the Imperial Gate has returned.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңA volunteer? He went inside and came back out?"

"There's a very passionate fellow among the Beastkin."

Hmm, I thought a direct internal search would only be possible after the Outing Doll's cooldown was over.

I couldn't believe there was someone who couldn't wait that long.

ГўВҖВңWho is it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, he's resting over there. Would you like to go and talk to him yourself?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI will.ГўВҖВқ

Somehow, I had a feeling he wouldn't be sane.

--- CHAPTER 919 ---

Chapter 919: The Route (7)

Serkan Zael.

A Third-Rank Explorer from the Blue Wolf Tribe.

Though over forty years of age, he had stubbornly refused to start a family, claiming he would become a greater explorerГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңAh, my apologies. The Tribe Chief must have had high expectations, but I just had to go and pop right in first.ГўВҖВқ

He wasn't as much of a madman as I had expected, but he was a rather peculiar fellow in many ways.

For one, he called me Tribe Chief, not Viscount.

"No need to be sorry. I don't mind such things."

ГўВҖВңOho! So you've already accomplished many great deeds? Such composure is truly worthy of respect.ГўВҖВқ

At first, I thought he was being a little sarcastic, but looking into his eyes, I couldn't sense any jealousy at all.

He was just pure, like a child.

Ah, he did seem a bit immature for his age.

ГўВҖВңZael.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңPlease, feel free to call me Serkan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlright, Serkan. So, why did you go in alone? I heard you insisted on it. I'm not trying to blame you, I'm just curious.ГўВҖВқ

"It was hard watching the Mages just fiddle around outside, only talking. In the end, we all know it, don't we? That someone has to go in and see for themselves."

ГўВҖВңSo you decided to go in yourself? Risking your own life?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIsn't that what the Labyrinth has always been about? Our ancestors risked their lives to take a single step forward, which is how we've managed to uncover so much of the unknown and light the lamp of exploration.ГўВҖВқ

Hmm, it felt a bit ambiguous to say he was the type who craved honor.

It wasn't that he had none, but I sensed something that couldn't be explained simply as a desire for honor.

ГўВҖВңI see. Alright, then tell me. What did you experience inside?ГўВҖВқ

"I shall. That was the whole reason I went in, after all. It wasn't as big of a deal as I thought, but I hope this story can be of some small help on the Tribe Chief's journey.ГўВҖВқ

And so, Serkan's story of exploring the Imperial Gate began.

ГўВҖВңBeyond the Imperial Gate was completely different from what I expected. There were no terrified slaves, nor were there any soldiers supervising them.ГўВҖВқ

Beyond the Imperial Gate, there was only darkness.

It was a peculiar space, so much so that even as I walked forward, I couldn't feel myself standing on the ground.

ГўВҖВңThe only reference point was the Imperial Gate I had entered through.ГўВҖВқ

He could have gone back through the gate right away, but Serkan decided to look around a bit since he was already there.

"I just walked straight in one direction. But no matter how far I went, whenever I looked back, the Imperial Gate was still there. It hadn't gotten any farther away.ГўВҖВқ

He couldn't explain it exactly, but Serkan said that's how it felt.

ГўВҖВңIt was as if the Labyrinth itself was kindly telling me, 'What lies ahead is not permitted to you. Leave through this gate at once.'ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo you came out?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, of course not. In fact, it made me stubborn, so I ran without ever looking back. For hours on end. Then, at some point, when I turned around, the Imperial Gate was nowhere to be seen.ГўВҖВқ

Once that happened, Serkan thought he was in big trouble and turned back the way he came.

With no reference point, he couldn't tell if he was going in the right direction, but he moved according to his instincts.

AndГўВҖВҰ

"I don't know if I went the wrong way or if it was impossible to find it like that from the start, butГўВҖВҰ in the end, I couldn't find the Imperial Gate. So I just wandered aimlessly, thinking, 'I don't know anymore.'"

Having become a lost soul in space, Serkan moved wherever his feet took him, and several weeks passed like that.

ГўВҖВңWait, several weeks passed?ГўВҖВқ

"My watch stopped working, so I can't say for sure, but that's what it felt like. When I came out, though, only a single day had passed.ГўВҖВқ

Serkan added that it wasn't a case of one day feeling like several weeks.

ГўВҖВңIt's not that surprising, is it? The Labyrinth itself is like that. No matter how many days you spend inside, only a single day passes in the city.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHmm... Well, that's certainly true, but... So how did you escape?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAh, that? It was around the time my hope of escape was dwindling, and I thought this would be my grave. Suddenly, a light flashedГўВҖВҰ and when I came to my senses, I was outside.ГўВҖВқ

Serkan's exploration of the Imperial Gate ended rather abruptly, and in a completely unexpected way.

ГўВҖВңI see. Thank you for telling me.ГўВҖВқ

These were not empty words; I meant it sincerely.

Some might hear Serkan's account of his first exploration and say he wasted his time and came back with nothing, butГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңYou think it will be helpful?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes, it already has been.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңHehe, then I am honored.ГўВҖВқ

All safety rules are written in blood.

In other words, to know that something isn't dangerous, someone has to take the risk.

And Serkan did that in my place.

Besides, 'it's pretty safe' wasn't the only piece of information I learned.

ГўВҖВңAh, right. I don't know if you heard, but they said the Imperial Gate stopped working while I was inside.ГўВҖВқ

A field where only one person can enter at a time.

And it seems reentry is also impossible.

ГўВҖВңWhen I tried to go back in, I felt a tingling sensation from my fingertips. It felt like the portal was rejecting me.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI see. I understand. Get some rest.ГўВҖВқ

Ending the conversation there, I turned my back.

I had already gained quite a lot of information from this.

'Serkan ZaelГўВҖВҰ I should remember him.'

Should I say he's quite the impressive fellow?

For some reason, I feel like we'd get along well.

'Most of all, if I said I was going to the Underground First Floor, he seems like the type to happily tag along.'

Of course, that's a matter for later, so I'll put it aside for now.

After the conversation, I returned to my companions and shared the information, then after mulling it over alone, I soon made a decision.

Well, when Gyuln heard my decision, he grabbed the back of his neck.

ГўВҖВңYou mean to say the Viscount will go in himselfГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYes.ГўВҖВқ

The only difference is whether one has many responsibilities or few.

At my core, I'm not so different from Serkan.

'Above all, there's a high chance I'll never be able to come to this island again.'

And yes, it's been confirmed that returning isn't that difficult.

I have to at least give it a try.

***

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered a Special Zone.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢField Effect: Passage is now active.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГўВҖВ”
***

Beyond the Imperial Gate was exactly as Serkan Zael had described.

A dark space with no distinction between ground and sky.

However, it didn't feel dark.

It was like being in a room covered with black wallpaper.

Everything was black, but my vision was unimpaired.

For a moment, I gazed at the Imperial Gate behind me, which was emitting a faint glow.

As I carefully took a step, an indescribable sensation traveled up from my toes.

HmmГўВҖВҰ Is this what it feels like when a martial arts master walks on air?

ГўВҖВңBreathing is fine. Inventory opens. Skills are okay.ГўВҖВқ

After a simple check of my current state, I began to move in earnest.

I don't have a particular destination set, butГўВҖВҰ

'Let's just go for now.'

It was less 'something will turn up if I keep going' and more of a gamer's mindset that moving is better than standing still.

Ah, but since there was a precedent, I did do things differently.

I will go straight, no matter what.

Whether the Imperial Gate behind me disappears or not, I'll just keep moving forward.

No, let's not even look back at all.

They said I'd be taken out after some time anyway, right?

After I began walking straight ahead, time passed quickly.

One hour, two hours, three hoursГўВҖВҰ

Is it because this is a silent space where I can't even hear my own footsteps? I'm just walking, but it's more boring and suffocating than I could have imagined.

It's especially so because I can't tell the exact time.

How did that guy Serkan do this for weeks?

And in a situation where he had no information about how to escape.

'His mental state is excellent.'

Thinking about it now, Serkan seems to be a very mentally strong person.

An ordinary person would have been mentally broken for a long time after experiencing something like that, unable to do anything.

He seemed perfectly fine during our conversation.

He didn't seem distressed when talking about what happened here either.

'Even if something does appear, it'll probably take at least a few days, right?'

I had long given up on the idea of making any gains in a short period.

Isn't this a vast space where Serkan found nothing, despite wandering for weeks?

If I'm unlucky, I could invest the same amount of time and also see nothing, just wasting my time.

ГўВҖВң... Huh?ГўВҖВқ

I think I just heard something.

I stopped walking and focused on my hearing.

It definitely wasn't a hallucination.

It's awkward for me to say it myself, but my mental state isn't so weak that I'd have problems in a place like this before even a day has passed.

-ya. .]

Right, that's it.

I heard it clearly this time.

'To think something would show up already.'

Is luck on my side?

I reset my direction toward where I thought the sound was coming from.

As I did, the faint sound became clearer.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВң..?ГўВҖВқ

I can see something shaped like a door in the distance.

It's not shaped like the Imperial Gate.

It's just a common door, the kind you could see in any house, just big enough for one person to pass through.

The closer I got, the clearer the sound became.

Someone was having a conversation on the other side.
[We've already made our choice. There's no going back.]
[Yes, as you say, this may not be justice.

But someone has to do it.]
[Will youГўВҖВҰ truly not regret this?]

What in the world is this conversation?

I couldn't understand the context at all, and my questions were only growing.

ГўВҖВңHuhГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВқ

I realized it belatedly.

That the conversation I was hearing was neither in Rafdonian nor the Ancient Language.
[Even if you don't regret it, I'm not the same! I will definitely regret todayГўВҖВ”]

*Beep!*

With the beep, the conversation cut off, and a conversation with a completely different tone began.

A woman's voice, not a man's.

The woman was speaking all too clearly.

In a language that now sounded a little unfamiliar to me.

In the language of my homeland.
[YerimГўВҖВҰ is Gwang-ryeol oppa's daughter.]
[ГўВҖВҰWhat?!]

The moment I recognized it, I ran like a madman, and the distance to the door in the distance closed rapidly.

Now, I could see beyond the door with my own eyes.

But what in the world is this?

Even for me, who was confident in my ability to improvise, this situation was hard to follow.

*Beep!*

A modern-style room of a very familiar shape.

On the wall-mounted TV, a music program I had seen a few times was playing.

I quickly scanned the inside of the room.

The furniture arrangement, the interior design.

There were many differences, but it wasn't hard to recognize.
[Alright! The next song is! 'Can I Love You' by Bulletproof Glass! Let's listen to it rightГўВҖВ”.]

*BeeepГўВҖВ”!*
[Kyahahahahaha!]

A man in his underwear, lying on the bed, nonchalantly operated the remote.

The room where I had last played [Dungeon & Stone] right before coming to this world.
[Agh, this is so boring. Should I play a game?]

In my very own room.

--- CHAPTER 920 ---

Chapter 920: The Route (8)

The color of the wallpaper was different.

The design of the fluorescent light was different.

The arrangement of the furniture inside, and the position of the desk, were also different.

But even so, I recognized it at a glance.

ГўВҖВҳMyГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВҳRГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

This room was my room.

No, perhaps it would be more correct to call it the place that used to be my room.

Swoosh.

I shifted my gaze to the window.

The frame was the same, but the scenery beyond it was a little different from what I knew.

Beyond the window, which had originally been wide open and which I always kept that way, a villa had been built.

Come to think of it, I remember.

ГўВҖВҳConstruction had just begun.ГўВҖВҷ

Just before I was dragged into this world, the foundation work for that site was just getting underway.

But to think it was not only completed but also fully occupied.

ГўВҖВҳNo, wait a minute.ГўВҖВҷ

Is this even real in the first place?

Is the scene IГўВҖВҷm seeing beyond that door reality, a timeline after my disappearance?

If soГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳWhat would happen if I crossed over right now?ГўВҖВҷ

The moment that question arose, a chill ran down my spine.

Unconsciously reaching for the door, I flinched as if electrocuted and pulled my hand back.

Then, I blankly observed and re-observed the scene beyond the door.

In that process, I learned several things.

Name: Kim Hyunseok.

Age: Twenty-four.

Occupation: University student.

Aside from such personal informationГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңThe date.ГўВҖВқ

It was far shorter than the time I had spent as Bjorn Yandel, but even so, quite a lot of time had passed.

ГўВҖВҳDisappearance.ГўВҖВҷ

There was also talk of the disappearance.

I overheard Kim Hyunseok, who I presumed was the tenant after me, on the phone with a friend.

Something about getting the room cheaper because of the disappearance incident?

And that wasnГўВҖВҷt all.

ГўВҖВҳEven the fact that the game became famous.ГўВҖВҷ

The latest information from my hometown, which I had learned thanks to the GM, also matched perfectly.

Kim Hyunseok laughed and chatted with his friend, suggesting they play Dungeon & Stone together, which was famous as the ГўВҖВҳgame that makes you disappear.ГўВҖВҷ

The more I listened, the harder it became to deny.

ГўВҖВҳIs this placeГўВҖВҰ really the real world?ГўВҖВҷ

At first, I thought it might just be a hallucination or something of that sort.

But the longer I watched, the more real it felt.

Thump.

Perhaps.

I might have discovered it.

What all the Evil Spirits had desperately wished and longed forГўВҖВҰ

ThumpГўВҖВ”!

The way to return home.
[Drink? I was just planning to rest at home todayГўВҖВҰ Fine, IГўВҖВҷll go.

But IГўВҖВҷll be a little late.]

Soon, after finishing his call, Kim Hyunseok got dressed and went out.

I stared blankly at the empty room and organized my thoughts.

In truth, there were already two known methods of returning.

The problem was that they were far from realistic.

The first was the Gate of the Abyss.

The second was Dimensional Magic.

ГўВҖВҳSo, is this the third route?ГўВҖВҷ

Surprisingly, this route was quite feasible.

It was a method that could be executed just by reaching the Sixth Floor, without needing to go all the way to the Tenth.

Of course, the question of whether it would actually work remained.

It was shaped like a door, but it might just be like a window, allowing one to see beyond it and nothing more.

Also.

ГўВҖВҳAnd if I do cross overГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВҳWhat would happen?ГўВҖВҷ

Would Bjorn Yandel, not Lee Hansoo, be born on Earth?

Countless possibilities swirled in my mind.

How much time passed like that?
[UghГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷm dyingГўВҖВҰ.]

Around the time the sky outside began to brighten, Kim Hyunseok returned from his outing.

He seemed to be a rather diligent type; as soon as he got home, he washed up and brushed his teeth, then abruptly sat down at his computer.

AndГўВҖВҰ
[ThatГўВҖВҷs ridiculous. How could you disappear just from playing a game?]

I couldn't tell what conversation had taken place at the drinking party, but he searched the internet and downloaded a game file.

In his slightly tipsy eyes, the stubbornness unique to drunk people was firmly set.

ГўВҖВҳThis crazy bastard!ГўВҖВҷ

Realizing what he was about to do, I screamed inwardly and unconsciously extended my arm.

AndГўВҖВҰ

Whoosh-!

My fingertips slipped smoothly through the door.

Realizing my mistake, I quickly retracted my hand, which I thankfully managed to do.

ГўВҖВҰ

Though a small problem did arise in the process.
[ГўВҖВҰThe, the hell was that!]

Kim Hyunseok jumped as if he had seen a ghost.

Then, he cautiously approached the spot where I had extended my hand and reached out.

However, his hand never crossed the boundary.
[ГўВҖВҰHa, am I drunk?]

After watching this side with wary eyes for a long time, Kim Hyunseok seemed to have reached that conclusion.

He turned off the computer and lay down on the bed.

Snore, snoreГўВҖВҰ!

It didnГўВҖВҷt take long for Kim Hyunseok to fall fast asleep, and I continued to watch beyond the door while he snored soundly.

Thump.

Thump, thump.

Thump.

I hadnГўВҖВҷt done anything particularly physical, but my heart kept pounding like crazy.

As if I had learned a dangerous, forbidden secret.

Swoosh.

Suddenly, I felt a light from behind and turned around.

The Imperial Gate I had entered through was not far away.

The Imperial Gate stood aloof, emitting a faint, gentle light.

As if asking me to choose: this door, or that one.

ГўВҖВҳHooГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

My thoughts deepened.

It wasn't a dilemma about which door to choose.

This is a passage back home?

Even if that were true, it had nothing to do with me.

It was a matter I had decided long ago.

I chose to live in this world.

However, the problem wasГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳShould I tell him?ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, I wasn't talking about that bastard Lee Baekho.

I did think it would be nice if he just disappeared from this world, but I didn't want to do him any favors.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳUrben Havelion.ГўВҖВҷ

The GM was different.

ГўВҖВҳI know how much he wants to go back.ГўВҖВҷ

His ultimate goal was to return.

ThatГўВҖВҷs why he had diligently run the community called Ghost Busters and had waited endlessly for the user who was closest to clearing the game, ГўВҖВҳElfnuna.ГўВҖВҷ

SoГўВҖВҰ

ShouldnГўВҖВҷt I at least tell him?

WhatГўВҖВҷs more, the GM had entered this place with me.

If he wanted to, he could use this third route right away, and if he missed this chance, he might lose the opportunity to use this route forever.

ГўВҖВҳThe problem is, to tell him this, IГўВҖВҷd have to reveal my identityГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Of course, there were other problems besides this one.

The GM was a key part of my future plans.

If he disappeared, I wouldn't be able to properly run the new Rafdonia Busters I planned to create.

ButГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳLetГўВҖВҷs tell him.ГўВҖВҷ

The deliberation was not long.

Having made my decision, I turned my back and headed for the Imperial Gate.

Thud, thud.

There was no sound of walking in this black space, but with each step, I felt something falling away from me.

Was it longing, or lingering attachment?

I let out a small, wry laugh.

ГўВҖВҳStill.ГўВҖВҷ

ГўВҖВҳTo be honest, I kind of want some gukbap.ГўВҖВҷ

I didn't bother looking back.

Seeing it once through the window, after so long, was enough.

The Tribe Chief of the Barbarians,

the Clan Master of Anabada,

and the Viscount of Rafdonia.

I am Bjorn, son of Yandel.

Yes, soГўВҖВҰ

Thud.

I stopped in front of the Imperial Gate.

ГўВҖВңGet lost. I have no intention of leaving just yet.ГўВҖВқ

Of course, why would I leave right now?

If I'm going to call myself a gamer, I have to uncover every nook and cranny of a hidden space.

***

After that, I continued to wander around this mysterious space.

And why not?

No one knew what other spoils might be hidden in this place.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ

One day, two days, three days, four daysГўВҖВҰ

Even though nothing appeared for several days, I unyieldingly pressed forward in one direction.

Even if it seemed like a foolish thing to do.

No, not just seemed, butГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢTime limit has expired.ГЈВҖВҚ

Even if it turned out to be a foolish thing to do.

ГЈВҖВҢCharacter is being moved outside the Passage.ГЈВҖВҚ

I had no particular regrets.

At least I had checked.

That other than the ГўВҖВҳthird route,ГўВҖВҷ there were no other rewards.

ГўВҖВҳIf I had left just like that, I would have regretted it.

IГўВҖВҷd be wondering if there was something else.ГўВҖВҷ

Soon, a light flashed, and when I came to my senses, I was outside.

ГўВҖВңHow much time has passed?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThirty-six hours.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSame as with Serkan.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDid you find anything?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNo, unfortunately.ГўВҖВқ

As I shook my head and reported my fruitless results, Gyuln made a disappointed expression but nodded.

ГўВҖВңYouГўВҖВҷve worked hard. Go and restГўВҖВ”.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңLord Gyuln! ThereГўВҖВҷs a problem with the Imperial Gate!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat?ГўВҖВқ

At the mageГўВҖВҷs report, I went with him to check the Imperial Gate, and for some reason, it was deactivated.

ГўВҖВңWhy? This didn't happen when Explorer Zael went in and came out, did it?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңNothing has been confirmed yet. It might be that the area was only accessible twice, or if not thatГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

The reporting mage glanced at me.

He seemed to want to say something clearly, but was holding back because I was his audience.

However, Gyuln was not like that.

ГўВҖВңDid you truly not obtain anything inside?ГўВҖВқ

He asked me directly, and I stated flatly that I had not.

It wasn't a lie.

I had discovered the third route, but I hadn't used it myself.

ГўВҖВңHmmГўВҖВҰ Then it might really be that two times was the limit.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIt might reactivate after some time, so it would be best to keep an eye on it for a while.ГўВҖВқ

In any case, with things turning out this way, the decision I had made inside became entirely meaningless.

In this situation, what good would it do to tell the GM about the ГўВҖВҳthird routeГўВҖВҷ?

If the Imperial Gate didn't reactivate even after time passed, it would only be more heartbreaking for him.

ГўВҖВҳBesides, I never confirmed if it was actually possible to returnГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

For now, I decided to keep this matter to myself until the Imperial Gate reactivated.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВңWhy are you looking at me like that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңItГўВҖВҷs nothingГўВҖВҰ ItГўВҖВҷs nothing.ГўВҖВқ

Several more days passed, and after all search operations had concluded, the Imperial Gate still did not reactivate.

Therefore, we simply finished the second round of settlements and moved to Parune Island.

The reason was very simple.

The second target needed to help Tesik find peace and see the True Ending would soon appear there.

The Ruler of Storms.

Stormgush.

Having had a glimpse of TesikГўВҖВҷs memories, I knew all too well what a vile villain this guy was.
[As you wish, I will not bestow a blessing upon your younger brother, but remember this.

Endure.

Whatever they do to you.

If you cannot endure, it will be your brotherГўВҖВҷs turn.]

The greatest culprit behind the terrible life our Tesik had to live.

As long as this guy was alive and well, our Tesik would never be able to find peace, even in death.

ГўВҖВңLook forward to it. Your father will draw his last breath in the most excruciating pain, just as you wish.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIГўВҖВҰ I never wished for such a thingГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

WhatГўВҖВҷs he saying, spoiling the mood?

ГўВҖВңThatГўВҖВҷs just because youГўВҖВҷre a kind person.ГўВҖВқ

The one watching is probably thinking differently.

That poor soul never received any hand of salvation in his life.

--- CHAPTER 921 ---

Chapter 921: Transcendence (1)

Fiftieth-first day since entering the Labyrinth.

We are currently on Parune Island.

After all, the Berzak raid had ended long ago, and we had already thoroughly searched Rymia Island, where the Imperial Army was stationed.

The time had come to deal with the second target for the True Ending, butГўВҖВҰ
[You're saying he still hasn't arrived? And there was no contact?]
[YesГўВҖВҰ we haven't heard any news so farГўВҖВҰ]

The problem, unfortunately, was that the target was still absent.

Leviathan's invasion of Rymia Island was only a few days later, so I thought he would have already arrived by now.

'Is he only going to arrive on that exact day?'

Perhaps, but it also occurred to me that he might not show up at all before the Labyrinth closes on the sixtieth day.

In fact, I hadn't come face-to-face with Stormgush in my first playthrough either.

ГўВҖВңTsk.ГўВҖВқ

Of course, the plan wouldn't be completely ruined just because the second target didn't show up.

We've already crushed the Imperial Army.

If we could also take down the third target, I was confident we could get a high enough score.

However.

'It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth.'

And for good reason.

Who was this Stormgush?

From Tesik's perspective, he was even more vicious than the Imperial soldiers.

Could a world where a guy like that lives on peacefully truly be called a True Ending?

I, for one, couldn't accept it.

Well, whether I accepted it or not, there was nothing I could do but wait endlessly.
[But... did you really defeat the Imperial Army...?]
[Is there a problem?]
[Ah, no...

Of course not...]

Was it because she'd heard we had crushed the Imperial Army?

The will to resist had completely vanished from the eyes of the Siren Queen, who could be called the village's second-in-command.

It was as if she was treating us like a natural disaster.

Just hoping for the storm to pass quickly...

ГўВҖВңNow, now, I know it's personal time, but don't get too relaxed!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIsn't this a new area? If you call yourselves explorers, you should be exploring instead of wasting time!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAlright, it's not like we have anything better to do.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңI wonder if we'll get some contribution points for finding that Stormgush? There's an Essence I want from the spoils.ГўВҖВқ

The time of waiting passed by rather quickly.

The members, unable to bear the boredom, roamed all over Parune Island, which had already been searched.

I spoke with Tesik and the Queen, checking if there was any information I might have missed.

And thenГўВҖВҰ

Day 54 in the Labyrinth.
[It's Stormgush!!]

He finally showed himself.

Well, is 'showed himself' the right way to put it?

When the Beastkin group freely searching Parune Island first spotted him, he was reportedly turning tail and running away after seeing the village occupied by humans...

For the record, there was no Stormgush raid.
[Subdued!]
[We're bringing him to the village now!]

By the time I checked the message, the members had already swarmed him like a hive of bees and subdued him.

After waiting in the village for a bit, I was finally able to face him myself.
[M-Meilin! What in the world are these bastards! Do something!]

His limbs bound by the melee-type explorers, he shouted something at the Queen, who glanced at me, uncomfortable with the situation.

Did he see that as a betrayal?
[You wenchГўВҖВҰ! He will be here soon! But you couldn't wait and sided with the humans?]

Struggling even more frantically and screaming his head off, I got a rough idea of what type of person he was.
[Don't blame her.

We're not the Imperial Army.

And are you stupid enough to talk about betrayal after seeing the state of the village?]
[...]

He clamped his mouth shut, as if he didn't even want to waste his breath on a human like me.

Of course, it wasn't a problem.
[Words aren't the only means of conversation.]
[AarghГўВҖВҰ! St-stop! Tell me! What do you want from me!]

His pathetic resistance ended with Ainar, who caught my signal, poking him in the side with her spear.

Watching this, I somehow felt wronged myself.

To think Tesik's life was ruined because of a pathetic bastard like this.

I didn't even want to have a long conversation.
[Well, why don't you hear what he wants for yourself.]
[?]
[Tetrasea.]

As soon as I spoke, Tesik, who had been hiding behind the members, stepped forward.

Even with the man's limbs restrained, Tesik's somewhat intimidated demeanor wasn't to my liking, but I guess it couldn't be helped.
[ГўВҖВҰSo it's you.

Yes, you're the one who sided with these humans.

You ungrateful thing!]
[Quiet.]
[ГўВҖВҰ]
[If you have something to say, say it.

I doubt you have nothing to say to the man who ruined your life, right?]

After silencing Stormgush, I stood next to Tesik and patted his shoulder to encourage him.

But what was this?
[ГўВҖВҰI won't do it.]
[What?]

It was a completely unexpected answer.
[To be honest, it's not that I had nothing to say.

There were many things I wanted to ask, and I resented him a lot.

ButГўВҖВҰ I won't do it.]

I didn't bother to ask why.

It wasn't because I had a guess or felt there was no need to ask.
[Is that so?]

If that was his wish, then I just had to grant it.
[Then is there nothing you want me to do with this guy?]
[No. You can do as you see fit, Old Man.

Whether you cut off his head in one stroke or torture him to deathГўВҖВҰ I don't care.]

Indeed, Tesik turned his back as if he had no lingering attachments, then picked up his younger sister who was hiding among the members and quietly disappeared into the crowd.

ГўВҖВҳHmph, at least watch it happen.ГўВҖВҷ

It's a mentality that's truly hard for me to understand.

But if that's what he wanted, I had no choice but to follow his wishes.
[I'm going to ask you a few questions now.

If you answer them well, I'll send you off less painfully.]

Afterward, I one-sidedly questioned him, and once my curiosity was somewhat satisfied, I smashed his head in a single blow.

Somehow, I felt like I could understand a bit of what Tesik was feeling.

Crunch!

ГЈВҖВҢYou have defeated Stormgush.ГЈВҖВҚ

It was just a waste of time.

***

After sharing a few pieces of information I'd gotten from Stormgush with the main force, I went to find Tesik, who had holed himself up in the forest.

He was just leaning against a tree.

Like a person.
[I'm sorryГўВҖВҰ.]

That was the first thing Tesik said when he sensed my presence and opened his eyes.
[Sorry? For what?]
[JustГўВҖВҰ.

You went to all that trouble for me, but I didn't do anything.]
[It's fine.

If that's what you wanted, then that's all that matters.]

I casually lay down in the bushes next to Tesik, resting my head on my arm.

After a long while, Tesik finally spoke.
[So... is it over?]
[Yeah, it's over.

How do you feel?]
[ГўВҖВҰI don't know.

It's not as relieving as I thought it would be.]

Tesik seemed confused, unable to pinpoint his own emotions.

So I defined it for him in no uncertain terms.
[What do you mean, not relieving? That is what relief feels like.]
[ГўВҖВҰPardon?]
[At least you won't have to feel that stomach-churning sensation at the thought of that bastard living well and laughing, right?]
[Ah, haha.

I suppose that's certainly trueГўВҖВҰ.]

Tesik replied with an awkward laugh.

It was clear he wasn't genuinely agreeing with me, but just saying it out of consideration for my efforts.

So I quickly admitted it to myself.

No matter how much I tried to gaslight him into thinking he was relieved, it wouldn't work on the current Tesik.

ThereforeГўВҖВҰ
[Frustrating, isn't it?]
[ГўВҖВҰYes.

I don't know why, but it feels like something is weighing heavily on my chest.]

Yeah, I bet.

How infuriating must it be to have your whole life screwed up by a loser like that.

And even though that bastard is dead, nothing about reality changes.

Tesik had already become a monster and suffered indelible pain.

'In the end, no matter what, the fact that it's a bad ending doesn't change.'

The path to a happy ending never existed in the first place.

All I could offer was not the worst outcome, but the second-worst.

A slightly better conclusion, that's all.

Just like this.
[There's a drug that erases memories.

If you want, I'll use it on you.]

LT-4.

A drug I found by searching the research institute.

It's what the researchers used on him, so it's guaranteed to work.

And since there's plenty of it, it might even be possible to erase all memories of his torture.
[No. I don't want that.]

Tesik answered firmly.
[Why not?]
[UhГўВҖВҰ wellГўВҖВҰ I'm not good with words, so I can't explain it well, butГўВҖВҰ]

Tesik, who had been trailing off, said.
[I just feel like it.]

...

What?]

Again, a completely unexpected line.

Was that why?

I couldn't help but laugh out loud.
[Is it strange?]
[No, not at all.]

I was just a little surprised.

To think that the will of a Barbarian flowed within Tesik as well.
[UmГўВҖВҰ I don't think I've said it properly until nowГўВҖВҰ but thank you.

For everything you've done for us.

I'll live my whole life without forgetting it.]
[Huh?]

I tilted my head.
[I know it's a bother to ask for more, but if you could perhaps take my sister and me to an uninhabited islandГўВҖВ”.]

The moment Tesik's words reached that point.

-Crackle.

The world froze.

This strange phenomenon, which I was now experiencing for the third time.

ГЈВҖВҢYou have escaped the island with Tetrasea and his younger sister Rymia, who were clinging to life in pain, and have eliminated the culprits behind everything.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢYou are an excellent savior.ГЈВҖВҚ

ГЈВҖВҢTotal Score: 90 pointsГЈВҖВҚ

I reacted instantly, like a pro gamer caught in a CC skill.
[BEHEEEELГўВҖВ”RAAAAAA!!!]
[Gah!]

I felt bad for unintentionally startling Tesik, but it couldn't be helped.
[Why are you acting like it's all over?]
[?]
[Vengeance is not yet complete.]

Stormgush was only the second target.

To reach the True Ending, one final target remains.
[No, what in the world are you talking aboutГўВҖВ”]
[The Lord of the Sea, Leviathan.]

We have to kill him.
[What? Why him? I've never even seen him beforeГўВҖВҰ]

Hmph, this young punk sure talks back.

***

The meeting began.

A meeting to re-evaluate our current situation and discuss the details for our next objective.

However, unlike before, the expressions of those attending this meeting were stiff.

The reason was very simple.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰ The portal didn't open this time either.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSo that means we have to deal with Leviathan in the end...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңSeriously, how bloodthirsty is that monster? After we've taken care of so much, he should know when to be satisfied!ГўВҖВқ

Despite finishing the conversation with Tesik, the portal didn't open.

Well, in reality, I was the one who refused it...

At least, that's what they believed.

After all, I was the only one who could communicate smoothly with Tesik.

ГўВҖВңWhat good will blaming the situation do? Let's put our heads together and come up with a plan instead.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңFirst, if Leviathan appears on the fifty-eighth day like before, we don't have much time.ГўВҖВқ

The attitudes of the leaders from each group were very different from before.

Now, worry seemed to outweigh greed.

The reason was extremely practical.

ГўВҖВңWe've already used up all the Arrows of Paralysis.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWe only have two rounds of Little Flare left...ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңAnd we're almost out of scrolls, too.ГўВҖВқ

We had already consumed too many resources.

To put it simply, it meant that an easy ride like before was impossible in the next raid.

ГўВҖВңThe fact that we'll just wake up outside even if we die is a small comfort, butГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңWhat a shame. If only the portal had opened this time, we wouldn't have to worry about this.ГўВҖВқ

Facing a Rank 1 monster head-on would inevitably lead to casualties, and that was not what they wanted.

The expedition had already achieved a great deal.

Returning with even one more person alive to gain entry rights to the Twin Sea was a far more attractive option for them.

ButГўВҖВҰ

'That's their problem.'

It might be a bit selfish, but I had already decided to raid Leviathan.

After all, when would I ever gather this much military power again?

Besides, it's not like we'd actually die.

I was certain that a better opportunity than this was unlikely to ever come again.

SoГўВҖВҰ

'Besides, it's not like I'm taking the True Ending route just for my own sake.'

I tried to shake off my guilt.

And so, in the serious atmosphere of the meeting, I actively spoke up, searching for ways to minimize the damage as much as possible.

But perhaps the heavens recognized my efforts.

ГўВҖВң... Actually, we still have one shot left.ГўВҖВқ

During the meeting, the Fairy representative suddenly brought up something no one had expected.

ГўВҖВңOne shot? What do you mean by that?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңExactly what I said.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIf you're talking about the Arrows of Paralysis, didn't you say you only brought two shots in total?ГўВҖВқ

As the gazes of the puzzled people focused on him, the Fairy representative averted his eyes in embarrassment.

ГўВҖВңWellГўВҖВҰ there were actually three shots. I apologize for not saying so sooner. We had orders from above to save the last shot for a decisive moment...ГўВҖВқ

The rest of his sentence was omitted, but there was no one who didn't understand the full story behind it.

Whether they lost two shots or three, it was an insane loss either way, so the Fairies had placed a sure bet.

'Hiding it was a bit despicable, butГўВҖВҰ'

They probably had that calculation in mind.

A trump card that saves everyone in a desperate situation?

Perfect for showing off and taking all the credit later.

Such a petty trick, just like a pointy-ear.

ГўВҖВҳWell, whatever.ГўВҖВҷ

Right now, only one thing was important.

Grin.

There's still one shot left.

--- CHAPTER 922 ---

Chapter 922. Transcendence (2)

Most of the questions I asked before killing Stormgush were about Leviathan.

I had a lot of questions about that side of things, after all.

How did it ask for help?

What was the status of a Sea God of Calamity within the Earth Mother Cult?

Were there any weaknesses known in this world, or any characteristics I was unaware of?

I conducted various interrogations (?), and after confirming all the necessary information, I turned the creature into a Magic Stone without a moment's hesitation.

ГўВҖВҳAh, it dropped an Essence too.ГўВҖВҷ

The Essence that dropped was carefully stored in a Vial.

It wasn't an unidentified Essence, but it was a Rank 3 Essence nonetheless, so it should fetch a good price outside.

ГўВҖВңHavelion, have you found out anything?ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңOne of the Mages from the Mage Tower has knowledge of alchemy, so we are researching together, but we have yet to see any significant results.ГўВҖВқ

The information about the Potion obtained from the Laboratory where Tesik was held captive was shared with the main force.

After all, we were operating as an expedition.

I shared the acquired items without hiding anything, and fortunately, my contribution with the Firefly Ring was acknowledged, and it was officially recognized as my personal acquisition.

ГўВҖВҳWell, if we all kept our mouths shut, no one would have known.ГўВҖВҷ

The reason I was honest was simple.

Keeping quiet would have meant skimming the spoils, and I had no desire to do something so pettyГўВҖВҰ

Besides, things like this tend to blow up later.

Yes, there's a reason why long-lasting celebrities diligently pay their taxes.

More importantly, GM alone wasn't enough to investigate what kind of Potion it was.

Just like this.

ГўВҖВңHowever, as expected, alchemy is proving to be helpful. For now, we are speculating that it is a Potion related to Essences.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңEssencesГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

It was a good thing I didnГўВҖВҷt rush into human experimentation.

Messing with Essences could lead to big trouble if done wrong.

Just like the [Omen of Corruption] I was hit with before.

ГўВҖВҳAh, speaking of which, is it about timeГўВҖВҰ?ГўВҖВҷ

About ten days had passed since I experienced the Dimensional Collapse after the battle with Sniktura.

And sixty days had passed in the previous expedition where the first run occurred.

Soon, the 120-day waiting period would end, and the seal on [Transcendence] would be broken.

ГўВҖВҳI donГўВҖВҷt know the exact day it will be unsealed, though.ГўВҖВҷ

I was so out of it during the Dimensional Collapse that I couldn't keep proper count of the time.

Although I said about ten days, there could be an error of a day or two.

ГўВҖВҳTaking the error into account, the seal should be broken by day 52 at the latestГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

Please, I hope thereГўВҖВҷs no error and it gets unsealed even a day earlier.

The Raid against the Sea God of Calamity starts on day 52.

Or it could be unsealed after the Raid is completely over.

ГўВҖВңHooГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

Just thinking about it made my heart pound.

I wonder how the Essence of Bayon will have changed when the seal is broken?

If IГўВҖВҷm lucky, it might just change a little and thatГўВҖВҷll be itГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳOr I could end up with a ruined character.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, the (NEW) Transcendence could evolve into an Essence suitable for a (NEW) Shield Barbarian.

But that would require a great deal of luck.

Thump-thump!

And so, with far more worry than anticipation, time passedГўВҖВҰ

ГўВҖВҳDamn it.ГўВҖВҷ

Finally, day 52, the day of the Sea God of Calamity Raid, dawned.

Unfortunately, the seal had not yet been broken.

***

On day 52, when the Sea God of Calamity had invaded Rymia Island where the Imperial Army was stationed in the first run.

We were still staying on Parune Island.

Well, to be precise, should I say the sea in front of it?

To be honest, we didn't have much of a choice.

The Fog of the Abyss that had settled over the research facility on Rymia Island showed no signs of disappearing.

ГўВҖВҳГўВҖВҰAnd thereГўВҖВҷs no telling what Leviathan might turn into if it enters that fog.ГўВҖВҷ

Of course, there was a possibility it could change into a creature with a simpler pattern, making the fight easier.

But there was no reason to take such a risk.

At least we had information on the standard Leviathan.

If it turned into a new monster, we would have to start from scratch with reconnaissance.

Naturally, it would be impossible to formulate a strategy in advance.
[The Sea God of Calamity has appeared on Route 3. It is currently moving towards Rymia Island.]

As we waited in full readiness, information came in from the scouts.
[Estimated time of arrival is about 5 minutes.]

Hmm, it's heading straight there.

I thought it might stop by Parune Island first before the invasion.

Rumble!!

Dark clouds were visible in the distance.

Dark clouds moving quickly with the fiercely blowing wind.

The creature was probably beneath them.

ГўВҖВңГўВҖВҰUgh, this is nerve-wracking.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңDonГўВҖВҷt be too nervous. ThereГўВҖВҷs not much for us to do in the beginning anyway.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңYeah, yeahГўВҖВҰ IГўВҖВҷm counting on you.ГўВҖВқ

While easing my tension by talking with my companions, I kept one part of my mind focused on the information being updated in real-time from the scout team.
[Arrived at Rymia Island.

It has stopped in front of the ГўВҖВҳFog of the AbyssГўВҖВҷ.]

I felt a slight tension.

If it had any intelligence, it wouldn't recklessly enter an unknown fogГўВҖВҰ

But you never knowГўВҖВ”.
[The Sea God of Calamity has started moving.

Estimated direction is Parune Island.]

Hoo, right.

ItГўВҖВҷs coming here first to assess the situation.
[Estimated time of arrival, 3 minutes.]

The moment the time limit was set, the magi-tech warship floating in the sea before Parune Island fell silent.

There was no reason to suddenly get busy.

We had already finished our preparations at our respective positions long ago, and all that was left was to steel our minds for the decisive battle.
[2 minutes.]

As they awaited the final battle of this expedition, the members quietly controlled their breathing or fidgeted with the weapons in their hands, each easing their tension in their own way.

AndГўВҖВҰ
[1 minute.]

When the final report was delivered through the communication orb.

Plop, plop, plop, plop.

As if a downpour was about to start, thick drops of water began to fall.

AndГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢThe character has entered the range of the [Center of the World].ГЈВҖВҚ

I could feel a gravitational pull all over my body.

A sensation as if something was pulling my entire body.

The compass on the deck, which was more of a decoration, was spinning crazily as if it were broken, but this was a minor effect not even mentioned in the text.

The important thing about that aura was this.

ГЈВҖВҢUse of water has become impossible.ГЈВҖВҚ

Within its range, everything with the Water element tag was sealed.

For me, that would be my [Origin] skill, which increased my Natural Regeneration when touching seawater, that became unusable.

Oh, and by the way, I couldn't use potions anymore either.

That aura didn't discriminate between equipment and consumables.

AlsoГўВҖВҰ

ГЈВҖВҢCorrosion has begun.ГЈВҖВҚ

All things with the metal tag were slowly being sealed.

This wasn't just about the durability of things like swords and shields rapidly decreasing over time.

Magic and Supernatural Abilities with the steel-attribute would gradually weaken, and once the corrosion reached 100%, they would be completely sealed and unusable.

ГўВҖВҳIn my case, itГўВҖВҷs about [Evolving Shell] and [Iron Fortress].ГўВҖВҷ

As expected of a creature in the upper tier of Rank 1.

To render two attributes completely useless just by appearing.

ГўВҖВҳAnd considering its Fire Resistance is almost maxed out, fire won't work eitherГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҷ

In fact, most Rank 1 creatures were like this.

From the perspective of those who had to Raid them, there were just too many unfair aspects.

ГўВҖВҳWell, itГўВҖВҷs our job to hunt them anyway.ГўВҖВҷ

When the thick raindrops turned into a downpour, and the distant dark clouds were now directly above our heads.
[30 seconds!]

As the report was updated once again, the creature revealed itself through the curtain of rain.

Its appearance was slightly similar to Belarios.

It had a form more like an eastern dragon than a western one.

FwoooooshГўВҖВ”!

Leviathan, flying as if swimming through the sea, came to a halt at a certain distance from us.

ГўВҖВңWait for the signal!ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIndependent actions will not be tolerated!ГўВҖВқ

Just as those in command roles were repeatedly giving warnings, lest anyone act rashly.

A voice echoed in my head.
[Who are you?]

The voice didn't have a language system.

It was like listening to static, yet somehow, its meaning was naturally understood.

A sensation as if the will itself was being transmitted.

Needless to say, the owner of this question was obvious.

ГўВҖВңLeviathanГўВҖВҰГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңIs that thing talking to us right now?ГўВҖВқ

Since most explorers had no experience communicating with monsters, the members on the deck stirred greatly.

It was nothing new, since all the monsters here were capable of communication, butГўВҖВҰ

Hearing it in the Ancient Language, which they couldn't understand, and hearing it directly must have felt completely different.

ГўВҖВңViscount! What will you do?ГўВҖВқ

To GyulnГўВҖВҷs question, which sought my opinion first, I thought for a moment before answering.

ГўВҖВңFirst, I will try to engage in conversation.ГўВҖВқ

ГўВҖВңThis is a voice amplification device. If you speak into this, it will be heard over there. Ah, just press here and speak.ГўВҖВқ

After receiving a device that looked like a receiver, I tested it.
[Ah, ah, can you hear me?]

My amplified voice echoed far across the great sea through the shipГўВҖВҷs speakers.

The response was immediate.
[A language IГўВҖВҷve never heard before? I cannot understand it at all.]

Hmm, so it can't understand our language.

It seems its method of communication was one-way.

Therefore, I switched to the Ancient Language as well.
[Can you understand now?]
[Yes. I have one question. Are you the ones who took care of the Imperials on that island?]

My brow furrowed at the question.

It was a very simple question, but for some reason, I hesitated to answer.

After pondering why for a moment, the answer came quickly.

ГўВҖВҳItГўВҖВҷs tooГўВҖВҰ nice?ГўВҖВҷ

The content of its words seemed gentler than I expected.

What would happen if I answered yes to that question?

Would it treat us as friends?

I didn't know for sure, but one thing was certain.

ГўВҖВңIf this can be resolved through dialogue, that would be for the best. Even though we have the Arrows of Banishment, there will surely be casualties.ГўВҖВқ

The moment that path opened up even slightly, our expedition would become more passive about the Raid.
[Why do you not answer?]

My mind was a mess.

What was the right choice?
[I asked if you were the ones who took care of the Imperials.]

The time for deliberation was short, but I finally made a decision.

In any case, none of the members could properly understand the native pronunciation of the Ancient Language.

At best, they could only catch a few words and maybe read a little.

SoГўВҖВҰ
[We are the ones who took care of the Empire! Oh, and by the way, while we were at it, we destroyed this whole village that was full of cursed monsters!]
[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ?]
[Ah, that storm-devourer? We cut off his head and killed him too. Did you know him?]

Holding the receiver, I provoked the creature as if declaring war.

The reaction was immediate.
[ГўВҖВҰГўВҖВҰ!!!!]

The noise echoing in my head couldn't even be interpreted as a single word.

Only the emotion of pure rage was transmitted with extreme clarity.

Was that why?

ГўВҖВңWhat on earth did you say to make it so enraged?ГўВҖВқ

To Gyuln's pale-faced question, I answered as if I had no idea either.

ГўВҖВңI don't know. I just spoke honestly.ГўВҖВқ

Yes, I spoke honestly.

It was an undeniable fact that we had destroyed Parune Island and taken StormgushГўВҖВҷs head, wasn't it?